[DOCS] Assist Letter questions-20260423_133326-
Meeting Recording
23 April 2026, 09:33am
27m 11s
Lela Akobidze started transcription
Satya Danam 0:03
Only.
One time only, total, total bonus.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 0:14
left side.
Gikkal in the RB value.
Satya Danam 0:19
A Lela.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 0:20
Deferred bonus.
Satya Danam 0:22
Deferable also, same.
Not at all.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 0:27
For basically for RB and deferred bonus, there is no.
Total amount anywhere mentioned.
But for one-time bonus, it is there.
Olga Chaban 0:42
But if I see, okay, let me share the screen. But in the example, we have this some in 
the letter. So we can
LalithaPavani Madiraju 0:54
Yes.
We can try and generate one later and see, Olga, if you would want, if it 
automatically gets calculated or not.
Olga Chaban 1:05
Yeah, will be perfect.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 1:08
Satya, OK, dummy letter generates better or below 2 values AC.
Satya Danam 1:19
Okay.
Tapp.
Ghosh.
Olga Chaban 2:23
Mm.
Satya Danam 2:43
Park.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 2:46
See.
Satya Danam 2:46
Okay.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 2:49
Yeah, Olga, he has generated the letter. So if you could see, he has given different 
amounts in for August 26 and December 26 separately. He hasn't given the value of 
4,00,000 anywhere, but it did calculate a sum of 4,00,000 and.
Has given the letter.
Satya Danam 3:08
I can I just go to the Madam Madiraju, it could have direct to 4,00,000, we call on 
mention retention bonus, Nancy total total.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 3:10
A credential.
Okay, my deferred bonus key.
Satya Danam 3:16
Total amount, one-time.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 3:20
Deferred bonus.
Satya Danam 3:21
Direct to some of these.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 3:26
When are they?
Satya Danam 3:26
Yeah, only retention bonus of connexion is Kondu there.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 3:31
OK, different bonus check, sorry.
I am on deferred bonus.
Peru nadi chase.
Satya Danam 3:41
Ohh, there is a standard, maybe, for example.
Olga Chaban 4:00
So the sum of retention bonuses mentioned earlier, we have annual Compensation 
table. Yeah, but I didn't catch where we have the sum for the different bonus.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 4:10
Yes.
Huh, that's what we are just checking if it did automatically collect the same auto.
He's trying to generate another letter with deferred bonuses also.
Satya Danam 4:31
Yes, total amount.
Automatically.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 4:35
It, it is calculating automatically, Olga.
For deferred bonus also, there is no entire amount mentioned. For though retention 
bonus is part of CTC, we are somewhere mentioning it as 4,00,000, but still it is not 
picking up. The system is not picking up from there. For retention and deferred 
bonus, it is calculating automatically the amount.
Olga Chaban 4:57
Okay, got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 4:59
Only for one time bonus, it is mentioned, the total amount is mentioned. That is 
taking the total amount and then bifurcating it into different.
Satya Danam 5:10
You.
Olga Chaban 5:11
Mhm.
Okay, let me provide this notice to the table.
Satya Danam 5:56
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 5:58
Okay, thank you, thank you.
I think for now we have enough information. Just waiting from your side to cheque 
the block of text that could be mentioned in the...
Compensation letter. I provide the information to the chat as soon as I quote this 
example to some folder on SharePoint. I think it will be just next for this meeting. 
And also,
Oh, I mean this one.
Actually, I can do it right now.
And the second block of information that we need to receive from your side, it's a 
feedback regarding amount of words.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 6:44
No, no.
Ku.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Olga Chaban 6:57
that we discussed at the beginning of this meeting. So give me a second.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 7:00
Yeah, sure.
Olga Chaban 7:07
Hey, I just upload this file here.
So it should be available in the folder here is.
Okay, so would you mind to go to the relevant letters that
we have an assist platform. And could you please provide us with information how 
works this letter for employee? What information should be received to assist the 
system, maybe from people, I mean,
LalithaPavani Madiraju 7:45
Ohh.
Olga Chaban 7:48
from maybe from other systems or from employee side and how the assist 
understand that the assist system should generate this letter for employee here.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 8:07
Okay, so while exiting, we have while some person is leaving the company and so we 
generate basically two different kinds of letters. One is service letter and one is 
experience letter. Okay, service letter is basically provided.
on the last working day of the employment. So today, if I am leaving, today by end of 
the day, there will be a service letter that is generated for associate, which says that 
the person has worked from so-and-so date, from his date of joining till today with.
EPAM and you know his conduct was good with the company kind of. So because we 
need a time of 10 to 15 days to clear his full and final settlement. So basically only 
once the full and final settlement is cleared.
from the company and his final payment is made, we release the experience letter for 
them. So, but you know, why we release two different letters is because service letter, 
they might need to show it to the new employer mentioning that he has been a part 
of this company for a background verification cheque or anything as such.
on the date of the joining or you know prior to the date of the joining, they might 
have to show their service letter. For that reason, we generate two different separate 
letters, one at the time of the end date and other one once the full and final 
settlement is done after 15 days.
Once we have the payment settlement confirmation from the finance team 
mentioning that so and so person's full and financial settlement is done, then we 
release the experience letter for the person. Experience letter is again the same 
content mentioning that employee has worked from so and so date.
and his entire details would be there in the letter for the same.
Olga Chaban 10:18
Thank you. Could you please provide us this flow in more details? First of all, I want 
to understand if the employee should provide some information before resignation 
letter and experience letter will be generated.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 10:26
Ex.
Olga Chaban 10:36
because I saw this information on the web page, that information about personal e-
mail and phone number should be provided by employee. So I want to understand 
how you collect this information. You notify employee or not, or maybe...
employee knows that he or she need to go to assist portal and provide this 
information. The second question is, you generate this letter manually, so the assist 
system need some manual action before this letter will be generated.
or not. For example, you need to go to assist and click on some button to generate 
this letter, etc. And one more question I have connected with the process of sharing 
this letter. I mean, do you need to
to do some manual action to send this document to employee and how the 
employee, the Ex employee receives this letter in attachment of notification maybe 
from assist portal or Ex employee just receive a link.
And with this link could go to assist portal and download this letter. So if you could 
provide us with more detailed flow description, it will be perfect.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 12:15
Okay, so to answer it firstly, first thing is that we do collect employees' personal email ID and contact numbers at the time of joining itself. So for every employee, their 
contact number and the personal ID
e-mail ID is already captured in the system or in the docs if you save with the new 
joiners list. Okay, so why do we generally we do ask them again to provide this 
contact number and
Olga Chaban 12:43
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 12:51
personal e-mail ID because on the date of their exit, their official e-mail ID gets 
lapsed. It doesn't work. So after that, we might, because we send the experience 
letter after 15 days of them leaving the company, we would require to send that.
Olga Chaban 13:07
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 13:10
e-mail onto their personal e-mail address itself. We cannot send it to their official e-
mail address. So that is the reason we do ask associates to update their contact 
numbers and personal e-mail IDs.
Olga Chaban 13:28
You ask to do it in assist portal or maybe on people portal.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 13:32
No, we generally don't do it on Assist Portal. Satya, one of these assist portal or 
update Chinmoy contact number in personal e-mail ID.
OK.
Satya Danam 13:48
At this.
Ex is good number.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 13:52
Excel excel exit one. So Olga, we do send out an e-mail with an Excel form. So in that 
form we ask associates to send their personal e-mail address and contact number 
just to reconfirm with the new join us data if we have the same information or not.
Satya Danam 13:56
TMM.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 14:16
A few people in between do not use their personal e-mail IDs, which was mentioned 
two or three years back, right? So for that reasons, we take information on that email address and contact number through e-mail itself, not over the assist portal.
Olga Chaban 14:21
Yes.
Okay, and then you use this data to send experience letter.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 14:40
Yes, yes. If somebody doesn't fill in the Excel document or anything, we go back to 
the docs portal for the new joiners data and cheque for the e-mail addresses or 
contact number that we already have registered and we send it across to them.
Olga Chaban 14:48
Mhm.
And if we talk about resignation letters, a resignation letter should be sent on a POM 
e-mail address or also on a POM. And if and experience letter should be sent to 
personal e-mail as you mentioned. Okay.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:03
NE.
Yes.
Yes.
Olga Chaban 15:21
How you send this document? It should be in attachment to the e-mail or employee 
could have access to download directly from assist portal the document, first and 
second one.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:34
No, no, it's an attached document only. It goes through e-mail, so it is an attached 
document. After they resign, after they exit, they do not have accesses to the assist 
portal anymore.
Olga Chaban 15:51
So both letters should be sent to Ex employee as attachment. Okay.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:55
Sent as an attachment, yes, yes, correct.
Olga Chaban 16:00
Okay, and it's automatic action. I just want to confirm that the assist portal have 
special option for that. Or maybe you create an e-mail in your Outlook and then 
generate a letter.
download this letter from assist system and manually attach to the Outlook letter email or it works in another way.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 16:29
Satya can show it to us. Satya can show it how he generates the service letter. 
Basically, Satya accepts service letter.
Satya Danam 16:55
This is, uh, relaying later.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 16:57
So basically, this is the resignation letter that we sent. So basically he has the 
employee IDs. So based on that, for a particular day, if we say like there are 10, 20 
associates, so he has a list of exits for that particular day.
And with that, once the UID, employee ID is been captured over there, searched, then 
his details would pop up there in the assist portal. Then he would send the contact 
number and personal e-mail ID over there.
Olga Chaban 17:18
Mhm.
Satya Danam 17:18
I.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 17:38
Click on the send button, so.
That's how he releases the. There is a manual intervention for the latest. It is not an 
automatic act to be done.
Olga Chaban 17:42
Mhm.
OK, and OK, and it means after Satya click on button sends, the system automatically 
sent the e-mail. Could you please provide the example of e-mail with attachment? I 
just...
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:03
NE.
Satya Danam 18:04
Action required.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:06
Yes.
Olga Chaban 18:12
Ohh, yeah, yeah, Lela.
Lela Akobidze 18:16
Yeah, while Satya is searching for the example e-mail. So colleagues, do we 
understand correctly that there is no automation from within this process? Like not at 
the beginning, not at the processing, just you have some list of resignations.
probably exported from the system or from HRMS, for example, there is any trigger 
or some action which is automatically refers like for you as an information to start 
this process. So what is the start point?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:50
Yes.
Lela Akobidze 18:57
Is there any automation here from the HRMS system, for example?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:04
So basically it picks up the name and employee. Once we give the employee ID, it 
gives the employee details like name and designation of the associate is being 
picked up from the people portal. And there is a letter format already in.
Lela Akobidze 19:22
The.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:23
you know, it is included in the system. So it does fill in the letter format and 
generates the letter.
Only so much of automation is available for now, for separation of letters, separation 
of letters.
Lela Akobidze 19:38
Okay, and how do you get that list of employees to be resigned?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:46
From the people portal, basically the resignations are marked in the people portal.
And that's all we did.
Lela Akobidze 19:51
And you receive like e-mail from system that someone is going to exit, right? Uhhuh.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:55
Yes, yes, we get the exit requests, yes, and we get we get to pull the Excel file also 
from the people portal. That's how we pick up the exit dates, yeah.
Lela Akobidze 19:58
Okay.
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:08
Request exit requests, yeah.
Lela Akobidze 20:08
KDB.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:12
We download this.
on daily basis and we cheque for the exits on that particular day and then we send 
out the letters for them.
Olga Chaban 20:26
OKOK, Satya, do you have example?
Lela Akobidze 20:26
But.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:32
Example for Olga.
Olga Chaban 20:32
Add example.
Example of for emails that was sent with the resignation with the resignation letter.
Satya Danam 20:40
E.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:41
Yeah, Satya, service letter that OK examples which may.
e-mail, e-mail, Satya.
Satya Danam 20:52
Lela.
Olga Chaban 20:53
Yeah, just a mail. We want to see the example how it looks like for an employee what 
he or she received.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:54
And.
Olga Chaban 21:22
So the letter automatically sent from this e-mail address here.
Satya Danam 21:49
Suzhou.
Olga Chaban 21:54
Mhm.
Okay, could you please share with us the example of the letter without attachment?
attachment, if it's optional. We don't need it because you already provide us with 
example of our resignation letter previously.
Just a text of of a e-mail.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:33
So, the attachment this is conviction.
Satya Danam 22:36
Ohh, you made it just an hour.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:39
Yeah, mail order attachment to it.
Olga Chaban 22:49
And the same approach with the experience letter, is it correct?
Satya Danam 22:56
Same.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:57
Same, same process, Olga.
Olga Chaban 22:57
The same.
Satya Danam 22:59
Same process, yeah.
Olga Chaban 23:01
You just know that right now you need to send experience letter. You go to the assist 
portal, provide information that you will need for generation of resignation letter, or 
not resignation experience letter.
Satya Danam 23:02
Yeah.
Lela Akobidze 23:13
I.
Olga Chaban 23:22
and send it with assist. OK, so we could you please provide us with an example of email without or without experience letter, just an e-mail, how it looks like as well. So 
both example will be good.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 23:22
Ohh.
Oh.
Olga Chaban 23:42
To sing.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 23:44
Satya experience later, Diggadatta Mail.
Olga Chaban 23:53
We have only three minutes till the end of this call. I think it will be perfect to have 
one more meeting to finalise our talk about these two letters.
But maybe let me arrange this meeting a little bit later because we need some time 
just to review the information that we already received from your site.
Yes, Lela, you want to add something?
Lela Akobidze 24:34
No, just I want to confirm that we can help hold that meeting, for example, 
approximately in two weeks.
Not totally.
Olga Chaban 24:48
Yeah, I think yes, because maybe we need some additional input from people portal 
as well.
Okay, Satya, thank you very much for the example of relevant letter. Could you 
please also provide, yeah, I see. Yeah, experience letter group also good to see how it 
looks like.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 25:15
St.
Lela Akobidze 25:18
Yeah, I think I think the final question from my side at least, a colleague, so how do 
you like monitor the time when you need to send this or that, for example, for 
experience letter it is upon 15 days?
after the exit. So what instruments do you have, mechanics do you have to track 
when you need to send this resource letter? You have, I see the Excel file where you 
daily basis cheque the dates, right?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 25:51
So we generally receive a file from the finance team mentioning the settlement 
clearance list. So it gets automatically filled over here in this Excel. So once it has 
been filled or Satya does fill it into this sheet, for whosoever the payment is done,
Lela Akobidze 25:58
Mm-hmm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:10
the status is paid. Satya manually picks up that list and sends out the letters on that 
particular day.
Lela Akobidze 26:19
Got it. So this Excel file is like the shared one, right? Just for the colleagues, you just 
see the changes made from the finance team.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:21
Yeah, it's a manual task.
Olga Chaban 26:21
So.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:29
Yeah, it is only, it is not shared with the finance team, but then they share a separate 
file with us and we update this sheet according to us.
Lela Akobidze 26:36
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you.
Olga Chaban 26:44
Okay, thank you. We're out of time, colleagues. Thank you very much. We will 
continue our talk through the chat because we have some open questions. One more 
time. Thank you very much for this information. We will be in touch.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:48
Yeah.
Sure.
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 27:04
Have a good day.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 27:04
Sure. Thanks, Olga. Thank you, colleagues.
Lela Akobidze 27:05
Thank you.
Satya Danam 27:06
Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
Lela Akobidze 27:07
You get that.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 27:08
Bye.
Olga Chaban 27:08
Bye.
Lela Akobidze stopped transcription