[DOCS] Assist Letter questions-20260414_110916-
Meeting Recording
14 April 2026, 08:09am
53m 23s
Olga Chaban started transcription
LalithaPavani Madiraju 0:09
Sharing my screen.
So basically this is the ASSIST portal that we use at our India location. So what we 
generally do is we use this portal for releasing the composition letters to the 
associates. Firstly, let me show how I can view the letter for you. So I have to, there is 
this admin page.
where I have to go to my, you know, competition letters and where I can see for all 
employee letters also. So if I, for example, if I take my own name.
Ohh.
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 1:01
Meanwhile, let me provide you with additional information. Actually, previously, we 
already discussed with Satish and Satya Compensation Letters, and they provide us 
with some examples of this compensation letter. You can find it at the current chart.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 1:09
Mm.
Olga Chaban 1:20
It was during our previous meetings. And also Satish and Satya highlight that the 
compensation letters can be sent on annual base and on monthly base. So it will be 
perfect if you can highlight what the differences between these two type of 
compensation letters.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 1:34
Okay.
Yes.
Okay, so, okay.
For us, generally, okay, leaving this aside, keeping the ASSIST portal aside, let me first 
give you that clarity, how the compensation requests come to us and how we 
process the letters. Okay, so generally for a compensation change for any associate,
How it happens is after particular one year or any particular period of time, we go 
through this annual promo and one stretches annual promo wherein every associate 
would be receiving letters. Apart from the annual promo, there are...
three to four categories wherein we release the letters to the associates. One is 
retention letters, proactive or reactive retention letters for employees. So proactive or 
reactive retention is something when an employee is in a verge to resign or
If, you know, by one-on-one talks, if the manager sees that he is a potential resignee 
case kind of a thing, but they would want to retain that associate, then there would 
be a retention, either proactive or a reactive retention would happen.
and there will be a compensation revision. Okay. Proactive retention is something, 
say if I am an employee and I am planning to resign, but you know, I'm showing 
some kind of a disinterest or I'm not happy with my compensation or
not happy with the role that I am working currently, that can be seen by my 
manager. And my manager would, you know, suggest some salary hike for me or 
give me some sort of a bonus, either a retention bonus or a deferred bonus or 
anything.
with my salary and you know, we propose that kind of a salary change to an 
employee to retain him back. Okay, that is 1 retention kind of a proposal, salary 
proposal we receive.
Second thing is proactive retention. I'm so sorry, I explained to you about proactive. 
Now it is reactive retention. Say if I have already resigned and I have an offer from 
some other company with current my salary division is at 24 lakhs and
I have an offer for 28 lakhs or something like that. And if I am a very good performer 
and I am, you know, outstanding at all levels, my manager would want to retain me 
and there would be a proposal of 29 lakhs or 30 lakhs of salary revision anytime in 
mid of the year.
Okay, I resign now, even today or tomorrow, there could be a salary proposal request 
that is coming across. Okay, so this is 1 reactive and proactive kind of a letters that 
we process any time during the year.
Second thing is assessments, level change. Through assessment portal, any employee 
can give an assessment for going up to the next level. So at that moment, currently I 
am at A4 level, I would want to move ahead.
I can go ahead and start taking my assessment today. And within three months of 
time, I'll finish off my assessment. Okay, after three months, I complete my 
assessment. There should be a, because I got promoted to the next level, I am 
eligible to get promoted to the next level. My salary.
can be revised as per the assessment norms to the next level. So as I'm moving to the 
next level, as per the salary ranges, my CTC would get changed along with the 
designation change. So at that moment also, we will be processing one more letter. 
And this assessment also can be done.
Anytime in the year.
Also, one person, if he or she has approached for an assessment, until next six 
months of time, he cannot approach for another assessment. So within one year, he 
cannot have two promotions. So post that anytime if he is approaching for an 
assessment, again, there would be and he is clearing the assessment.
there would be a letter issued with the salary change. If delivery and everybody in the 
hierarchy is approving for the request, then also we will have to release the letters. 
And third thing is pre-prod cases wherein people at
junior level who join at A1 level, try to move to A2 level. Okay, within one year it can 
happen or anytime during their tenure, after one year also, they can give the 
assessment, pre-assessment cases. So these things, they move to A1 to A2.
the next level. So for them also, whenever they approach for assessment and clear it, 
they will be directly promoted to A2 level and we will have to issue a letter to them. 
So these are the certain scenarios where we issue letters apart from annual promo.
Am I clear till now?
Olga Chaban 7:24
Yeah, but if I talk, you talk about some promotions that employee can have during 
the year, but how would how would connect with annual campaign?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 7:36
Yes.
Olga Chaban 7:43
I mean, I think it's maybe monthly, some monthly letters or not. Could you please 
clarify here? I want to understand how it works.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 7:55
So that is completely different from promo. So what I'm trying to say is through 
ASSIST portal, we not only release annual promo letters, but also we release the 
letters, you know, during the year, during the year, whatever the request we get for.
Olga Chaban 8:10
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 8:15
any compensation changes, those letters also be generated through ASSIST portal 
only. So these are the different types of letters when we have to release throughout 
the year, not as a single time thing. Okay, it's not a one time thing that only at the 
promo level we release the letters and rest of the year we do not release any kind of 
letters.
Olga Chaban 8:30
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 8:38
But during the other time of the year also, we have a minimum of 30-40 requests 
every month to process the letters.
Olga Chaban 8:50
Okay, got it. One more question. Maybe it will be clear during the demo session, but 
anyway, let me ask this question right now. You have one standard blank letter, 
yeah? And this letter works for any cases.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 8:58
Mm.
Olga Chaban 9:09
Yes, that you described just right now.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 9:13
Sorry, I did not get that. What letter it is?
Olga Chaban 9:16
Okay, if we talk about sending some letters to employee, you describe how the 
reason why this letter can be sent to employee for annual campaign or based on.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 9:21
Okay.
Okay.
Olga Chaban 9:36
monthly schedule. My question is about form of this letter. Based on examples that 
Satish, she and Satya shared through the chat, we see that more or less this letter 
have the same blank, the same phrase,
LalithaPavani Madiraju 9:39
Thanks.
Yes, yes.
Olga Chaban 10:04
Correct.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 10:06
Yes, it's correct. So as I've mentioned, whenever there is a compensation change, so 
in promo,
Basically, a level above associates have, we have annual bonuses like variable pay 
component that starts from A5 and B2 level associates. Okay, the below associates 
will not have the variable pay component.
So for them, the letter would be different. So for those associates who are above A5 
and B2 level, A5, B2, B3, B4, B5, these people will have a variable pay component in 
their structure. So for them, we have to include a different
kind of a paragraph where it shows these people have a variable pay amount for 
them. The lesser category people like A4, A3 and all, they only have the 
compensation without the variable pay.
So when it comes to promo time, whoever has this variable pay component, those 
will be the people who will be eligible to get an annual bonus. So these people.
different clause again called annual bonus. And out of these level people only, if they 
have an LTI component again, so we have to include that amount in LTI as well and 
generate a letter for them.
So basically let me show you an Excel sheet where you can understand. So this is my 
thing, 618300 is my UID. I have to enter my current basic HRA, these all amounts for 
a structure.
So for say I have a current structure of 14 lakhs, current CTC, and for revised CTC, I 
have it around 18 lakhs. Okay.
And if I have some retention bonus here, I have to include one LATAM as retention 
bonus. Okay, so every letter has a password, which will be, you know, different for 
each different person. If they have to open the letter, they have to include their 
password.
So here are the different types of letters, letter model. Like is it a promotion? 
Promotion with any kind of a bonus or anything as such. These bifurcation is being 
mentioned in a Word document with us that I can share it with you guys. So if mine 
is just a salary hike.
I will mention yes over here. Okay, Y stands for yes. So there is no salary with on 
target bonus. I don't have any on target bonus for now. So if there is any value for 
OTB, they have to mention here. Say let's take for an example, I have an on target 
bonus.
Okay.
I have to enter an OTV value of say 1 lakh. The date that I have to mention, 1st March 
25.
OTB year that is being paid. This is say 2024 one that is getting paid in 1st March. If I 
have some RB, I had 1 lakh of RB. I'm mentioning 1 lakh of RB. RB1 payment date, I 
have to mention for July 2025.
If it is getting paid in July 2025. Okay. If other RBs are there, if multiple RBs are there, 
retention bonuses, payout date, say I have two RBs, one more RB to be paid in any 
other date. So RB date, I'll keep it as 1st July.
26, one amount, 1 lakh of amount is getting paid in July 25 and 1 lakh of amount is 
again getting paid in July or say let's take rather than taking July, let's take March.
1st March 2026 it is getting paid after 8 to 9 months. So that we will mention, RB 
effective date we will mention.
Okay, if any deferred bonus components are there, that can be mentioned. One-time 
bonuses are there, one-time bonuses can be mentioned. Recovery terms, there is a 
recovery clause also for every bonus. If there is something recovery, we have to 
mention it as yes. And if there is any eligibility or...
if he or she is eligible for a promo 2026. If not eligible, it will go for 2027 eligibility. If 
they are eligibility for 2026, we have to mention the clause as 2026. Okay. When we
enter all these amounts and upload it into the system over here.
Olga Chaban 15:19
Yeah, can I ask the question?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:21
Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Olga Chaban 15:22
Yeah, if we come back to the Excel file, could you please clarify what means 
password?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:30
Sorry.
Olga Chaban 15:31
If you open the Excel file one more time, here is one of the first column, password. 
What means password?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:34
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Password, yes. Okay, this is the password to open the file. Now, see, I can open 
anybody's because I have admin access. I can open anybody's letter. And for my 
letter also, there would be no password. Okay, but for an employee, if they have to 
open,
Olga Chaban 15:51
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 15:58
a letter, they have to give the password.
The password is the PAN card number basically. It is a unique card that is being 
issued at India location. So I have my letter. I have to click here as download. Okay.
Olga Chaban 16:14
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 16:15
this letter, I am opening the file. It gets automatically opened, but not for all. It 
cannot open for everybody. When I try to open download and open the file, it asks 
me for a password. Okay, password it asks.
Olga Chaban 16:18
Yeah.
Mhm.
So you mean that any employee can have access to the admin page on ASSIST 
platform? No?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 16:33
HU.
No, no, no, no, not everybody. Myself, Satish, and Satya from my team has the admin 
access for now, because we upload the letters and we process it to employees. Not 
everybody has the access. They only have their individual employee accesses for 
them.
Olga Chaban 16:53
Uh-huh.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 16:56
and they can only see their own letters, not other letters.
Olga Chaban 17:01
So it means that it's some kind of separate page with documents that are available 
for employee only, for the employee.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 17:05
Yes.
Yes, correct. Yes, correct. And the password which we were talking is to open this 
document.
Olga Chaban 17:12
Mhm, and.
And the access for employee to this page through the link. Yeah, in the letter.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 17:25
Yes, yes, correct.
Olga Chaban 17:27
Okay, okay, got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 17:30
So once we enter, the letter is shown like this, because I don't have any other 
retention bonuses or anything as such, it gives me a plain document. Okay, so there 
are letter formats, three to four letter formats, one with bonuses, one with LTI, one 
with annual bonuses.
Olga Chaban 17:42
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 17:50
Kind of. So every letter is unique and different. So for one particular person who has 
no bonuses and all, kind of, this is one kind of a letter which will have a previous CTC, 
the current CTC basically, and the promo CTC, the revision that happened through 
promo.
Olga Chaban 18:04
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:10
that CTC breakdown it would have. And it also shows that I am eligible for the next 
annual promo revision, 2024.
Olga Chaban 18:20
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:20
Okay, so this letter basically belongs to 2023 promo. So that shows 2024 promo. For 
the recent people, it shows 2027 promo, they are eligible. I can show the recent letter 
also.
Olga Chaban 18:28
Mhm.
Mhm.
Is it means that the information that present in this letter, it's not a fact? I mean, it's 
some kind of information what the salary the employee can have if she are here or 
part of the assessment, for example.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 18:48
HU.
HU.
Okay, so if somebody is clearing the assessment, they will still receive a similar kind 
of a letter only. And so for that, basically, there are certain norms. Okay, for annual 
promo, the eligibility is only till September joiners, from January to September.
September, whoever joins, they will be eligible for an annual promo in that particular 
year. So say people joined from 1st January 2025 to September 31st September 2025 
range are eligible for an annual promo.
Olga Chaban 19:18
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:35
Okay.
So in the similar way, somebody is clearing an assessment in the month of October. 
Okay.
Olga Chaban 19:37
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 19:44
They will not be eligible for a revision for annual promo in 2026.
Okay, so...
Olga Chaban 19:53
Okay, yeah, got it. But just based on the letters that you show, it means that this 2024 
year is present in the letter should be taken from the Excel file.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:00
HU.
Olga Chaban 20:10
and put to the text. Yeah, just, it's just information for employee when he or she will 
be eligible for promotion. Okay, got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:13
Yeah.
Yes.
Promo. Yeah, correct, correct. For the assessment cases, it depends. If somebody is 
not eligible for promo, it would not take the current year, but the next year it would 
show. So say this would show like annual promo eligibility 2025, it would show if the
letter is being issued sometime in October.
Olga Chaban 20:39
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:41
October, November or December. So for them, if they are not eligible for promo, it 
would say 2027 directly rather than showing it as 2026.
Olga Chaban 20:52
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:53
Okay.
Olga Chaban 20:55
Yeah.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 20:56
So that input we receive from HR business partners, whether they are eligible for 
promo or not in that current year. Based upon that, we will give that input in this 
Excel sheet if they are eligible for promo or not in the last column here, promo 
eligibility date. This I'll give it either 2026
Olga Chaban 21:12
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 21:16
Or 2027, if not eligible, 2027, if eligible, I'll give it as 2026.
something like that. Then this clause, this particular clause gets changed accordingly.
Olga Chaban 21:25
Mhm, got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 21:31
This clause gets changed according to the date.
Olga Chaban 21:36
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 21:37
HU.
So.
Olga Chaban 21:40
Could you please clarify if we talk about annual campaign, previously Satish provided 
us with information that this campaign happened every January. Is it correct during 
the January the annual campaign was sent in
LalithaPavani Madiraju 21:41
It.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 21:59
Compensation Letters is happened.
Is it correct?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:06
Ohh.
I have joined in 2023 and since then it happened in effective as April 2020, April 1st 
only. The cycle what we cover is from January to January. Okay. So basically the...
Olga Chaban 22:23
But if we talk about schedule of sending these letters, it's April or January.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:29
It is April.
Olga Chaban 22:31
April.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:33
But for now, from last couple of years, it is July.
Olga Chaban 22:33
Okay.
So the annual campaign plan to plan to be in January, in July, June or June in July. 
OK.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 22:48
July.
Okay, it is July. Currently from 2025 and 2026 years, it happened effective July, 1st 
July.
Olga Chaban 22:59
And if we talk about monthly sending, monthly campaign, let's say, let's use the same 
terms that we have, I know. Is it one time per month you send this letter or it happen, 
it could can be happen any.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 23:04
Hmm.
Olga Chaban 23:19
Anytime during some months.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 23:22
Yeah, it could happen anytime during the month. But there is a cutoff date for us for 
Payroll inputs. Okay. So basically, from the 1st of month or our payroll dates work 
from 1st to 15th.
Okay, and we close all the inputs by 20th, and letters are processed for any 
assessment cases. The letters are processed by 25th or 26th of that particular month. 
Okay, so for assessment cases or...
pre-assessment cases, only we follow these timelines. Rest of the retention cases we 
receive through emails. Those emails we consolidate and we send it like every 
Tuesday, Wednesday, and Fridays we send out the letter. We choose any three days 
of...
Olga Chaban 24:04
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 24:19
in a week for letters and we send out the letters for them.
Olga Chaban 24:23
Got it, got it. Thank you.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 24:23
So, it's a throughout month activity only for the ASSIST.
cases, we only follow the timelines for them.
Olga Chaban 24:36
This.
I got it. And if I talk about annual campaign, could you please come back to Excel 
file?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 24:46
Yes.
Olga Chaban 24:48
Yeah, do I have differences in providing some information through Excel file? If we 
talk about annual campaign or monthly campaign, I just want to understand if any 
columns
can be filled in with some information for annual campaign. Or maybe we can split 
this file based on information that providing Compensation letter. For example, the 
column is that name in different color, green or blue color.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 25:06
Mhm.
Mm.
Olga Chaban 25:25
For example, used only for monthly campaign Compensation Letters sending.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 25:33
No, this is the only file. This is used for annual promo and for the monthly also. As I 
have mentioned, if you can see the highlighted green columns, show the letter 
format difference. Okay, so PO stands for a normal letter which has without any
Olga Chaban 25:39
Mhm.
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 25:53
promotion like title change details or anything. It would not have anything over here. 
I'll show you one more letter.
Olga Chaban 26:02
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:02
Where you can see the difference.
Section 20, twenty-six ; it's not a letter to verify.
Chinmoy.
Okay, so this is a promotion letter. Okay, so if you can see this letter was issued on 
March 22, 2024, wherein it shows I had a designation change and promoted to lead 
people's programme specialist. Okay, with a salary change. Okay, so
Olga Chaban 26:44
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 26:55
Earlier in the Excel format, I have selected this format, salary hike, because I had only 
the salary hike without any promotion. Now I have to select this letter format, like 
salary hike and promotion. This I have to select and effect.
Olga Chaban 27:08
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 27:15
I have to give it as first July 2025 effective. So then the letter format, what we take, 
the system will take this kind of a letter format rather than taking the normal letter 
format. Okay, then automatically when there is a designation change updated in the.
Olga Chaban 27:30
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 27:34
people portal, it gets automatically picked over here and it updates the designation 
here.
Olga Chaban 27:41
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 27:42
We are not including any designation over here. Actually, we are only saying that this 
is a promotion kind of a thing. Here, if you see any column, it doesn't state the 
current designation. So it automatically picks that designation from the system. 
People portal updated.
No.
designation and it projects over here. So the system works in that way, but we have 
to select the letter format difference. So whenever there is a promotion case, it has to 
be checked in for this rather than this.
Olga Chaban 28:07
Mhm.
Could you please clarify here? As I understood, you provide all necessary information 
manually in Excel file. Is it correct? Or maybe you just upload some information from 
different sources, people portal, Compensation portal.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 28:30
Hello.
Olga Chaban 28:40
maybe something else and just a copy information from this perceived or uploaded, 
downloaded, sorry, file and put it here. How you, where you can take this information 
and how you provide in this Excel file.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 28:57
HU.
Okay, basically every other information is a manual input itself that we pick it up from 
these current basic HRA and everything. We calculate in our local Excel files and this 
we use it as a upload file. So from that system, we calculate basic HRA, statutory 
bonuses and everything for an associate.
and we upload it over here. Only coming to the designation part that this system, 
this ASSIST portal, is inbuilt in such a way that it picks all the designations from the 
people portal, actually. So there is a refresh that happens.
Olga Chaban 29:45
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 29:47
from the people portal to ASSIST. So there is a coding, back end coding has been 
done in such a way that it picks all the designations updated in the assist in the 
people portal to other ASSIST portal. So for this only for particular designation alone, 
if we put under this promotion category.
as yes, it will directly trigger it to the wherever the designations are being stored. It 
trigger it and it picks it into the letter. Okay, apart from that, everything here is a 
manual input only.
We do the calculations in the other files, which we maintain manually. And we bring 
the amounts over here for those particular people and give the passwords for those 
files. And we need to cheque in whichever is the app letter for that particular person.
Olga Chaban 30:24
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 30:43
and give the OTB values and their effective dates also manually. And then mention if 
they are eligible for promo, LTI, or anything over here. And then we upload this file 
into the system so that the letters are being generated for us.
Olga Chaban 31:02
Okay, let's cheque it one more time. If we talk about some changing in job title, you 
just need to put in Excel file, yes, we have, yeah, and the system ASSIST.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 31:06
Yeah.
Okay.
ES.
Olga Chaban 31:21
system, I mean, the system automatically take from people portals a new title of this 
employee and put it to the letter. Is that correct? If I talk, okay, if I talk about some
LalithaPavani Madiraju 31:31
Correct, yes. Yes, correct.
Olga Chaban 31:40
salary change, additional bonuses, you have a separate file and based on information 
on this file you also put here some of those bonuses and as salary changes and also 
you need to put
LalithaPavani Madiraju 31:44
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 32:00
Yes, in a specific column based on current information that connect with the current 
employee view. Yes or no. Yeah, also.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 32:09
Reddy, yes.
Olga Chaban 32:11
OK, and the compensation, the compensation tickets sums you received from 
Compensation portal. Is it correct?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 32:21
Hey, my name.
Olga Chaban 32:29
Oh, parole team, maybe parole team. Yeah, you mentioned to provide you with this 
information.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 32:29
Phone.
Olga Chaban 32:38
I just want to understand the sources of data that you use to creation this file and 
with this connect my questions.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 32:42
Okay.
Okay.
Let me show you an e-mail how we receive the input for one particular case. Let me 
take you through.
So if you see for this particular case, here it is mentioned as reactive retention, right? 
And this is the employee.
Olga Chaban 33:10
Mhm.
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 33:13
So his employee ID is there available over here. And his current CTC, his job level is 
being mentioned over here for us. And his revised CTC has been given. I hope the 
screen is visible to you guys.
Olga Chaban 33:16
Mhm.
Yes, yes.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 33:28
Okay, so this is how the input we receive. And if you see the effective date is 1st April 
2026. Now I have to release this guy's letter because this has come on when? 13th 
4th. Yesterday we have received this person's e-mail. And once we have approval 
from Srini, Srinivas Reddy, who is the head of India location.
Once we receive an approval from him, we have to release the letter for him, this 
particular person. So now what I'll do is I'll take this inputs and we have an Excel file 
with us. Let me show you that.
Olga Chaban 34:04
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 34:09
So.
Sorry to miss.
It was.
I.
We have decided to change the shirt.
Give me a minute, I guess there is some network issue.
Olga Chaban 35:04
If I understand correctly, you just have some separate files for each, how would say, 
each event. For example, in this case, it salary changes and as each Excel file, some 
kind of
Um...
some kind of list of with lines where you need to put information from Payroll team 
or maybe other team.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 35:40
See, basically in the upload file, we cannot keep any formulas for calculating the 
salary or basic calculations and all. We cannot put any formulas in the upload file for 
ASSIST portal. And hence, we generally maintain a regular repository file for month 
on month.
Olga Chaban 35:44
Mhm.
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 36:00
inputs that we received. If you see, we were talking about this guy, Pranit Ram Reddy, 
Pranath Ram Reddy. So this particular person, there was a salary change from 18 
lakhs to 24 lakhs. And this particular person has an retention bonus with effective 
date of April 1st.
Okay, so this information is available. What I need is basically when I enter these 
amounts,
Olga Chaban 36:19
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 36:28
It gives an automatic calculation of these things. Here if you see the basic salary, 
HRA, bonuses, other relevances, gross, PF and gratuity components. It gives a 
calculated amount. So I'll just pick up these amounts from here.
Olga Chaban 36:35
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 36:47
I'll do a copy and I just have to paste it in these columns. If it is a current salary or a 
revised salary.
Okay.
Olga Chaban 36:58
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 36:59
I'll do a paste special over here with the values.
That's how I get the values in here, and...
Then once we enter all these amounts, then I choose what letter type I have to send 
and how much is the retention bonus amount, what is the retention bonus effective 
date. And according to that, because he is mentioned as promo eligible not, so I'll 
give it.
2027 is not eligible for the current year promo eligibility. I'll give it as 2027. Now I'll 
take this file and then upload it into the ASSIST system.
Olga Chaban 37:31
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 37:42
That's how the letter gets generated like this with the value. See here, this is the 
current basic HRA, special elements, gross and everything. This is the revised one. For 
that particular person also, it gets generated like this.
Olga Chaban 37:47
Mhm.
Okay.
And can I ask about the date of this promotion? You mentioned that this current 
person have promotion from 1st to 5th April, but do you have this date in, could you 
please highlight where this date
LalithaPavani Madiraju 38:19
Okay.
Olga Chaban 38:20
mentioned in the letter, because I saw this information mentioned in Excel file, but...
LalithaPavani Madiraju 38:24
Okay, yeah, this one, right? Let me see if this letter has been published or not. If we 
have, we can see it for this particular person itself.
Olga Chaban 38:29
Mhm.
And could you please also clarify, if I understand correctly, it's connected with 
monthly letter. But if we talk about annual letters, I think you have a lot of people, a 
lot of different letters during the annual campaign.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 38:52
Oh.
Olga Chaban 38:57
And how you dealing with this long list?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 39:03
Okay, I'll tell you. Yeah, let me show you this letter, how it is taking the effective date 
and where it is taking the effective date. Because I am admin CI, it doesn't ask me for 
any password or anything as such. So with this particular person, this has given us 1st 
July effective 2026, which is wrong.
Olga Chaban 39:07
Sure, sure.
Uh-huh.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 39:23
So particularly, okay, this case I understood what has happened is this guy has got a 
promo letter. This is the promo letter which has been processed. There should be 
another letter which has to be processed for him with this date effective 1st April. If 
you see that his salary was 20 lakhs only, but his revision has come for 24 lakhs.
Olga Chaban 39:23
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 39:45
Now what we do is we have to generate another letter for him, wherein here, 
particularly in place of 20 lakhs, it will show 24 lakhs and the effective date will show 
here. First April 2026, it will show here.
Olga Chaban 39:45
Yeah.
Got it. Yeah, got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 40:02
OK, and the promo eligibility date will show here. Promo 2027. OK.
Olga Chaban 40:08
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 40:11
In this particular letter, we did not give the basic HRA and other components 
because there is a wage code implementation that is happening. With that, there will 
be a change in the basic HRA calculations and all. For that reasons, right now we did 
not give them any structure, complete structure.
Olga Chaban 40:12
Org.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 40:32
But once it has been implemented, we will give them the another letter will be issued 
with all the components as shown in my letter, like this basic HRA special notes. 
Because this was the previous letter that has gone like that. Currently the letters are 
going like this.
Olga Chaban 40:42
Mhm.
Mhm.
So it doesn't matter, it's annual campaign or monthly campaign, all sums are present 
in this table that name annual Compensation. Is that correct?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 40:53
Yeah.
Yes.
Mm.
Yep.
Olga Chaban 41:07
So the form is the same of this table. The difference is just in numbers of lines in the 
table because if the employee have additional bonuses, this is bonuses also will be 
present in the table.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 41:10
Yes, yes.
Yes, only that, you know, letter format, what we choose will differ here. Okay. And the 
other question that you have asked, how do we manage for, you know, bulk letters 
and everything, right? So in these letters, there is a bifurcation. So let me clearly write 
it over here.
Olga Chaban 41:39
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 41:46
Only salary change.
Only salary change means there will be only a change in the CTC. Okay, 12 lakhs to 
13 lakhs kind of. Okay. One other letter which will include is annual bonuses.
Olga Chaban 41:56
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 42:06
So people will have annual bonus that is a variable payoff last year.
Olga Chaban 42:06
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 42:14
which get paid in the month of March. Okay. That is 1 component. And for higher 
levels of associates, LTI would be there. So based on that, inputs that we receive from 
the promo cycle. So when we close this entire annual campaign,
Olga Chaban 42:24
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 42:32
we have a complete Excel record, okay, which we, you know, move it into our own 
kind of a format. If you want, I can show that one.
Olga Chaban 42:45
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 42:46
Ohh.
Right now it does not open with me. Just give me a minute.
So we receive this winter campaign sheets and everything like this, the compensation 
sheets from the Compensation Portal. Whoever has got this annual promo, I mean 
promo, they are eligible and they have been received the salary hikes.
Okay, for them.
Generally, we prepare a sheet either using Power BI or, you know, normal excels and 
all. We come to our final sheet and here what we do is we put remarks for them.
Olga Chaban 43:41
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 43:51
if they are eligible for maternity cases or anything as such. And in this, if you see, 
there is this bonus amounts. Not for everybody, there would be bonus. Okay, so only 
particular set of people, there will be bonus. Now see,
If I select bonus amount to be paid in March 2026 as zero, it will give me a list of 
people, entire list of people who does not have a bonus at all. So for them, we will 
release only the salary change letter. Okay, so for those particular people,
We will select here, we will come here.
Olga Chaban 44:36
So is it means that for annual campaign, you prepare 3 files? One files only with 
salary change, second files with salary and annual bonus, and third, yeah, and third 
file for with all three.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 44:36
So, because that is loading.
Mhm.
No.
Annual bonus.
Good.
Olga Chaban 44:54
all three options that you have here. Uh-huh.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 44:55
All 3 options, correct. Yes. So from this file, we will get to know FC. Here, this is a 
revised one. Okay. This is the current CTC details and this is the new CTC. For few 
people, there would be retention bonuses. So if we click here, there are particular 
amounts.
Olga Chaban 45:04
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 45:14
Now I have to jot down my file in such a way that I first pull out the list of people 
who does not have anything, no retention bonus, no annual bonus, no LTI, nothing. 
Okay, so then for those particular peoples, I'll create one set and release the letters.
Olga Chaban 45:27
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 45:33
So there are 10,000 people like that. I'll create one file with those 10,000 people and 
create this upload file and then upload it to the system and release the 10,000 letters 
for them. Now I'll come back and cheque for the bonuses. So when I'm checking for 
the bonuses,
I have, like, say these many people I have.
Then I have to select create another file for these retention bonuses and then create 
our upload file for ASSIST portal. So for them, I'll select the letter option as P1, which 
is suitable with bonuses. Then I'll release those letters. So that's how we divide the 
letters into categories.
Olga Chaban 46:08
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 46:20
this categories, the letter format categories, and then we send out the letters.
Olga Chaban 46:27
Got it.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 46:28
So if you see this letter categories, then you will understand how the bifurcation has 
happened. Right now, I don't have this document handy with me. Maybe in our next 
call, I can show you that thing for you.
Olga Chaban 46:44
Yeah, we have only 5 minutes till the end of this call. Maybe you could advise the 
available time slot during the next days for a new meeting where we can continue.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 46:47
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, I guess it's been a huge data.
Olga Chaban 47:08
Uh, next Tuesday, next week, or...
LalithaPavani Madiraju 47:12
Yeah, sure.
Olga Chaban 47:14
Uh, maybe, maybe, yeah, let me cheque with the cheque and uh, the schedule, um.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 47:21
Yeah, we have our Payroll time in this week, so maybe if you would want to set up 
the call, maybe in the first hours is pretty much feasible. If not, you know, maybe 
after 21st, we can connect peacefully so that we are not.
Also in Rush.
Olga Chaban 47:44
OK, let me check.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 47:47
If it is too much delayed, any date is fine before 21st, but in first hours if possible.
Olga Chaban 47:54
Sure, I just want to cheque 20. OK.
If it will be.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 48:03
Ex.
Olga Chaban 48:06
The 21st April.
at the same time as we have for today meetings. Is it suitable for you?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 48:18
Sorry, which date it was, Olga?
Olga Chaban 48:21
Next Tuesday.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 48:23
Next Tuesday, it is fine. Completely fine. Yeah. Tuesday, can we do it on Wednesday 
otherwise? I'm sorry.
Olga Chaban 48:27
Okay.
Could you please repeat? I'm already sent a meeting. Could you please repeat?
LalithaPavani Madiraju 48:35
Okay, okay, let me, yeah, we'll ensure that we are joining the call. Yes, for sure. Okay.
Olga Chaban 48:41
I can change the time slot, just cheque your calendar and advise available time slot 
for you.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 48:47
Okay.
That is fine. 21st is okay. Let me just cheque one second. Because we generally close 
our Payroll on 21st itself. So I thought 22nd would have been more feasible. Yes, 130 
to 230 is the lunch time for us. Can we make it from 3 to 4?
Olga Chaban 49:10
But I have a different type, but let me check. Okay.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 49:22
Or 12 to 1 is also fine for us.
Olga Chaban 49:27
Please cheque if it will be this time slot.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 49:38
Yeah, four to five, yes.
Olga Chaban 49:44
Okay, okay, great. Thank you very much for this call. Actually, right now, I think for 
me and for my colleagues as well, much clearer how the compensation letters work 
and the interlocation. So
LalithaPavani Madiraju 50:03
ES.
Olga Chaban 50:05
Could you please also advise, we have several questions that connect not only with a 
Compensation letter, but also with letters that sent to employee in last working day.
I mean, for Ex employee. Maybe you also can provide us with additional information 
and answers or questions during the next meeting connecting with these letters. Or 
we need to request some help from other
People from your team.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 50:46
Sure, Olga, I'll do one thing. I'll work along with my team. I have a list of letters that 
we release on regular basis to the employees. So that list of letters, I can get it 
prepared for you and maybe that we can discuss in the next call.
Olga Chaban 51:02
Okay, great. Actually, we already received some examples of these letters and just 
want to go through it and cheque if we understand correctly in what the event, when 
this letter is sent to.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 51:07
Okay. Okay.
Olga Chaban 51:21
to employee here and the information that present in this letter as the input that you 
have to upload to assist or maybe as a simple to upload to assist in another way, not 
manual.
manually from your team, but let's cheque it during the next meeting one more time. 
Thank you very much. It's really very helpful information.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 51:48
Sure, Olga.
Yeah, one small request, Olga. I guess Satish has added me very recently into this 
call, so I don't see any previous chat history from this call. So if you have the list of 
letters that were already shared by Satish and all,
Olga Chaban 51:54
Mhm.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 52:11
you can share it in this group chat for me so that I can just cross cheque if any other 
letter format is missed out or anything as such and I can include it there for the next 
call session.
Olga Chaban 52:24
Sure, could you please check, give me a second, I just want to copy the link. Could 
you please cheque if you have access to the folder? I sent the link to this folder to 
the chat.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 52:30
Okay.
Okay, sure.
Yeah.
Nope.
Okay.
Olga Chaban 52:42
Because all examples that Rash Shared with our team is here.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 52:52
Well, I don't have the access for this.
Olga Chaban 52:55
Uh-huh, okay, let me quickly.
LalithaPavani Madiraju 52:56
I have raised the request access.
Olga Chaban 52:59
Okay, let me quickly share it.
And.
Sure, sure, sure.
Yes, sure. Thank you very much.
Yeah, have a good day. Bye.
Lela Akobidze stopped transcription