[DOCS] Assist Letter questions-20260327_100304-
Meeting Recording
27 March 2026, 08:03am
28m 11s
Olga Chaban started transcription
Olga Chaban 0:03
Let me share the screen.
Can you see my screen? Okay. Okay, great. So in this part, in the left part, we have an 
Excel table where we collect the information from the documents and here are the 
folders where you upload it as examples of documents that we have on
Satish Malla 0:07
Yep, yeah, yeah.
Olga Chaban 0:29
Assist platform. Let's start from the salary. No, there's a Compensation letter. Here is 
we have only one example of compensation letter, and also you previously shared 
with us an Excel file.
Is it also used for creation this Compensation letter? Let's check, let's check, let's 
check. There is a field from this compensation from the Excel file, but in a little bit 
different order.
plus some fields that I...
I see in this letter, as an example, as I understood, we need to collect from other 
system. So let's go one by one and cheque if this field are stable in the document.
or need to be changed depend on at what time this Compensation letter is created 
and for whom. So the first, it's a date.
Please advise, if I understand correctly, that it's date of creation, this compensation 
letter. Is it correct? This one? Okay. Name, first, last name that we have, for example, 
on the people platform, it could be legal first and last name.
Satish Malla 1:55
Maite.
Olga Chaban 2:09
Is it? Okay. Employee ID, it's your ID. Is it right? Okay. Employee ID. Next one, 
designation we have a little bit later, a little bit later here in this document, but.
Satish Malla 2:09
Right.
Maite.
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 2:30
I have a question regarding this information.
As I understood, it's you.
Is this information from Compensation portal or not?
This one.
Satish Malla 2:51
That is not from Compensation Portal. We will upload the information in the Excel.
Olga Chaban 2:56
But where are you, you, you, you just received this information from other 
department?
Satish Malla 2:57
But.
So, it's like an we'll receive an approval emails from respective HRBPs, and, for 
example, if a comp provision was happened, then we will get that we get to know 
those information.
Olga Chaban 3:18
So for you, okay, if it will be, how would it say, collect, not automated. I mean, you 
can use this information from some internal sources and put it to the Excel file and 
use for creation as this Compensation matter.
Satish Malla 3:37
Maite.
Olga Chaban 3:38
Okay, great. And as I understood, you need to provide information in this letter, in 
figures, in digits, and in words. Yeah, it's
Satish Malla 3:50
Correct, but in this digits which is coming up rupees 18 lakhs, that should be 
automated based on the number we give.
Olga Chaban 3:58
Mhm, Okay.
Satish Malla 3:58
We will not give the update on the wording part. We only give input on the value to 
be key in.
Olga Chaban 4:03
So.
So, you just provide the digits and the system automatically create the same inward. 
OK, and this date also, as understood, you take from from the some internal file.
Satish Malla 4:15
Correct.
Right, right.
Olga Chaban 4:26
Oh.
Okay. Let's move on to the next. Let's check. I don't see here on the first page any 
other information that need to be, how would say, change dynamically. All other text.
As I see.
Satish Malla 4:48
That is, that is fixed for everyone.
Olga Chaban 4:51
Will be the same for everyone. OK, great. Thank you. OK, so the second page here, 
we also have first last name. Also, we have here the designation, and as understood, 
this designation could be taken from the Outlook.
Oh, Outlook, sorry, from the People portal. And please correct me if I'm wrong.
Uh, it's a job title, yeah? Is it correct?
Satish Malla 5:25
Which one?
Olga Chaban 5:27
designation, you see software test engineer.
Satish Malla 5:29
Oh.
Yes, this is a title, title, and the grid.
Olga Chaban 5:35
Okay, let's move on to the tables that we have here. If we compare the tables that we 
have here as an example in the document with the Excel file and the parameters,
that I copy from the Excel file. Here is some empty lines. Could you please advise 
how this table works? I mean, for some people, for example, can be present in this
table current statutory bonus for some no or maybe it works in another way.
Satish Malla 6:25
That is like we give the input.
And that from the Excel sheet that we give.
Olga Chaban 6:37
So you just use the information from some internal sources, and this information 
could be present or not in some columns.
Yeah, and depend on if this information present in Excel file, the system show it in 
the table in document.
Satish Malla 6:55
Correct.
Correct, correct.
Olga Chaban 7:02
So all this fields that present in Excel file could be, I would say, could be present in 
the table at the document as well.
Is it right? Okay.
Satish Malla 7:18
Yep, that's this.
Olga Chaban 7:20
Okay, okay, I got it. Let me, as I see right now, this table, the figures in the tables that 
it gets in the stable could be changeable. Also here we have also changeable.
changeable information here is under the table. And then when we have a part with 
the benefits and well-beings,
Satish Malla 7:51
This is a fixed template. This is a fixed template. You can use same thing. Only the 
value shown up your selected that has to be updated. Rest all is like a fixed template.
Olga Chaban 8:03
Okay, so only if some rules will be changed for all employee here. Yeah, so you will 
need this. Yeah, this will be changed for everyone. Okay, so it's
Satish Malla 8:12
It's the same for everyone.
The.
Olga Chaban 8:21
The same for words and recognitions, yeah, is that correct?
Satish Malla 8:25
Right, right.
Olga Chaban 8:27
Okay, and here we have just a visualisation of signature from a palm site. Is it right 
here?
Satish Malla 8:35
Okay.
ES.
Olga Chaban 8:40
I have two questions additional regarding this document because we go through all 
of this document. First of all, I saw that in some resources highlight that this 
document should be signed in or accepted from employee side.
So could you please advise how it looks like? It's some signature from employee side, 
he or she need to sign in this document when receive it or how it looks like this 
acceptance action.
Satish Malla 9:09
No.
Just let me share my screen.
Olga Chaban 9:26
Yeah.
Satish Malla 9:29
Can I?
Olga Chaban 9:31
Sure, sure.
Satish Malla 9:33
Thank you.
So once the, with Excel sheet, with all the required information, once we trigger the 
letter, employee would come into assistancy under my documents, Compensation 
Letters, and the letter would be shown here. The letter name is like total award 
statement. When is that generated? The month and year.
Olga Chaban 10:19
Mhm.
Satish Malla 10:20
Justin, we click on a click a button here, it will be shown as accepted, that's it.
Olga Chaban 10:21
And for you.
So it's just an information, yeah. And for you, what does it mean? You need to review 
the, I would say the compensation letters where the employee didn't accept it. You 
need this information for some reason.
Satish Malla 10:29
Correct.
No, it's like an acknowledgement where employee gives that he received his letter. 
That's it.
Olga Chaban 10:55
So, you just collect this action and the tool, yeah, and...
Satish Malla 10:59
It is even we gave that provision so that employee would look and accept that. There 
will not be any option to reject or discuss or something like that. It's just an 
acknowledgement that he received letter. That's it.
Olga Chaban 11:12
So this one more thing, is this information visible only for your team or for example 
for a source manager of this employee as well?
Satish Malla 11:22
Employee as well.
Olga Chaban 11:25
employee and resource manager, yeah, or not, just the employee and your team.
Satish Malla 11:28
No, no, no, only just employee. Compensation details will not be visible to RM as 
well. Only employee and as an admin, we should be able to see what is the status of 
the letter.
Olga Chaban 11:41
Mhm, Okay.
Okay, okay, thank you. The second question that they have regarding this letter, the 
Excel file that was shared with us include also this points, salary and type of salary.
and other points in blue color. Actually, I didn't get what it means.
Satish Malla 12:11
OK, let me let me explain you detail on this Excel sheet. So here if you can see there 
is an salary on 35 row salary hike PO. This is one kind of letter. Salary hike promotion 
P1 is another kind of letter. Salary hike.
P2 is another kind of letter. Salary, P3 is another, and on target bonus, including 
salary, P4, there is a different structures, different letters. Once we select while you 
are uploading the letter, if we select from 35 to 40, we have to select one or the 
other. If not, the Excel sheet will not be uploaded.
So it will throw an error like no information has been given. So from 35 to 40, which 
kind of letter we have to choose while issuing the letter? That is information will be 
chosen by 35 to 40 and we will also share you the templates of all these things so 
that you would also...
Olga Chaban 12:58
I.
Satish Malla 13:09
able to understand what is it promotion, what is it on target bonus, what is it salary. 
So in India we have for all the employees above A5 and above are having on target 
bonus about for a different kind of percentage based on the band. A1, A5 to B2 will 
have.
only 10% and B3 will have 15%, B4 will have 25% and B5 will have 30%. In that way, 
based on the percentages, the on-target bonus would be changed. And for A1 to A4 
and B1, there will not be no on-target bonus in the salary structure that will be given.
So for them, for A1 to A4, while we are releasing later, we have to select salary hike 
PO, which is like a default structure. There will not be, whatever the salary which we 
give, it is a fixed salary. There will not be any variable pay in that CTC. So in on target 
bonus, which is a variable pay, so based on the percentage, that would be different 
and that would change.
And when you say like from 41 to 67, all these are the bonuses additionally what we 
give to the employee. For example, we are generated a letter this month with a 
promo of 2025. The OTP value for the last year might be coming into the picture 
while we're releasing the letter.
So the OTB value and OTB date and OTB year talks about the previous year, anything 
that we are giving now. For example, promo 2026 was closed very recently. Yesterday 
we released the latest for all India people where OTB one target bonus for the last 
year might be coming into the picture here. People who are eligible.
We will keep that amount. For example, Satish is eligible for some 25,000 for the last 
year, which will come here under 41. OTP date is for which date that is going to be 
paid. Either it is going to be paid with March salary or it is going to be April. That 
apply date would be the OTP date. And OTP year like this OTP reflects to which year.
Is it 2025 year or 2026 year? That information we will keep. RB1, RB2, RB3, RB4, these 
are the retention bonuses. Few cases where we tell like retention bonus of 5,00,000 
would be paid in two to three retrenches. Literally like first part would be 20% and 
second part would be 30%.
and rest is 70%. Those will be conditions will be given while doing some 
retrospective retentions or proactive corrections we are making to an employee. 
These are the bonuses which we split. In the same way, once we keep the amount 
into two to three values, like...
RB150,000, RB3 is 70,000, and the letter also you'll be able to see a tabular column. 
First payment when is going to be happen, second payment when is going to 
happen. So 44 and 49, 44 and 48 are one table. RB1 amount and RB1 date, when is 
that is going to be paid. In the same way, 45 and 49 would be one table.
It should be shown like a tabular columns. So I'll also share one sample with RB, one 
sample with, and the same reflects to this DB as well, DB1, DB2, DB3. It's for example, 
people might hire for some salary and every year they're instructed, they're advised 
to pay some fixed amount of some.
Olga Chaban 16:23
Mhm.
Satish Malla 16:29
Fifty 1000 or 1,00,000 every year that will be paid, so then it will comes to the 
deferred deferred bonus, which is like how many times it should be paid for three 
years or two years? How many years? As of now, we said we saw only three years, so 
we we have kept like three years a date and amount to be reflective and...
Effect to this, if you are releasing a new letter now for an employee stating that your 
deferred bonus is going to be effective from so and so date, that is like from March 
1st, 2026, then that will be paid.
Olga Chaban 17:04
Mmh.
Satish Malla 17:04
And then that will be issued in next year, next year. So based on that, the defect DB 
effective date will come into the picture here.
So there is any like spot bonuses like one time payment can happen. The same thing 
will come to 61 to 7, 61 to 68.
Olga Chaban 17:20
Mhm.
Okay, so.
Satish Malla 17:25
So, are we?
Olga Chaban 17:27
Please continue.
Satish Malla 17:27
Yeah.
The RP recovery terms and RB recovery terms is all is like if you keep yes, it will be 
mentioned as like from the day payment of RB, a one year recovery clause. Anytime 
people who exist from the company within the one year, this will be recovered. That 
clauses will be mentioned by default when we say yes for RB recovery terms, yes, or 
DB recovery ones.
our one-time recovery ones, our LTA is like people would be issued with some stock 
options where we will keep the just amount here. Once the amount is reflected here, 
you can scroll up onto the first page here, you would be seeing the information here, 
here on the PDF document.
Olga Chaban 18:09
All this information, for all this information, you notify the employee, is it right?
Satish Malla 18:16
Right.
Olga Chaban 18:17
And as a blank page, the blank letters that you use for that, this one, or it's some 
another blank.
Satish Malla 18:24
The same letter, same letter will be used. Just go up once.
Here there is a blank, right? So whatever we select, for example, this is not selected 
anything, it's just a salary change letter. For example, if there is any on target bonus 
or anything RB, then those information will come and sit here with the clauses and 
effective dates. We'll do one thing, we will share you one one sample.
Olga Chaban 18:29
Oh.
Mhm.
Okay, you.
Satish Malla 18:50
with one one category from 35 to 40. And we'll also share you one kind of letter 
which is having an RB values and which is are having deferred bonuses and which are 
having one time bonus. So all these samples of letters without employee ID, name 
and all we would be sharing with you. Maybe today we are in closure of Payroll, 
maybe by...
Olga Chaban 18:54
Mhm.
Okay.
Satish Malla 19:15
Tuesday or Wednesday we should be sharing you the sample letters of each category 
so that you would be understanding how what happens when we click on yes for a 
prospective thing.
Olga Chaban 19:18
Mhm.
Satish Malla 19:27
and from 35 to 70.
Olga Chaban 19:28
Okay, good.
Okay, okay. Thank you very much. It will be really great because right now for me, I 
not really good understand how it works in this platform, but I think the example will 
be help to have more clearance for that.
for this letter. Thank you very much. Okay, let's move on because we don't, we have 
short of time. Also, I saw the compensation letters, ongoing compensation letters. 
Could you please advise if the compensation letter
Satish Malla 19:52
Yeah.
Yep.
Olga Chaban 20:12
that could be sent not as a part of annual campaign, have some differences with this 
letter that you share as an example.
Oh, you don't have such kind of letters.
Satish Malla 20:32
I didn't get your point. Can you just repeat again, please?
Olga Chaban 20:32
Yeah.
The question is, if we talk about compensation letters, you have only one blank that 
used in any cases, for example, in annual campaign, or for example, if you need to 
notify the employees that this employee have one-time bonus.
Satish Malla 20:40
HU.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 20:55
Or maybe you have different planks.
Satish Malla 20:55
Ohh.
Different letters you're telling about is based on the options we select here, yes or 
no? The obviously template the content will come and sit here, so that is the reason 
I'm I'll be I'll I said like I'll be sharing you the templates, I mean e-mail letter 
templates for each category, so that you will be understanding what.
Olga Chaban 21:07
So...
Satish Malla 21:17
We select yes, what days that is going to be reflected in the first page.
Olga Chaban 21:22
Thanks, thanks. I see Diana, please welcome to ask. You raise your hand.
Diana Nikoghosyan 21:29
Yes, as far as I can understand, the Compensation letter is like a lot of, let's say, fields 
are the similar as we have in job offer. And when the job offers were shared with us, 
there were all the conditions. For example, if this one is selected or this condition 
happens,
Satish Malla 21:39
Be.
Diana Nikoghosyan 21:51
And in that case, just showing some additional text and the information with the 
markers. So can we have like that format for these ones? Because as far as I can 
understand, there are a lot of variable fields, then depends on whether we use them 
or not. So we should add some text.
Satish Malla 22:13
Ohh, better if we can add some text, but yeah, these are the default fields which we 
use for uploading the template to generate the Letters.
Diana Nikoghosyan 22:22
Yeah, I do understand, but just to know what type of text it should be and what is the 
condition for the offer letters, if not mistaken, Ashwini was sharing with us with all 
the conditions. So, for example, if the person is like has some bonus.
or has some benefits in that case, just adds this text with this information. So we add 
to the full.
Satish Malla 22:47
That is what here, that is what from 35 to 70, which I was telling about. So once I...
Diana Nikoghosyan 22:53
Mm-hmm.
Satish Malla 22:57
From 35 to 70 of all the things which is there, once it is, once we mentioned yes or 
no, based on that, the content will also be reflecting onto the page, first page. That is 
why I was telling you, I'll be sharing you the templates as well.
Diana Nikoghosyan 23:10
No.
Okay, so where we have all yes and we will just have the whole text, right?
Satish Malla 23:18
Yes, yes, yes.
Diana Nikoghosyan 23:20
Okay, like.
Olga Chaban 23:23
Yeah, one more thing that connect with the Letters. Do we need, do you need some 
approvals from, I think no, but let's just cheque it from a resource manager or 
something. Okay.
Satish Malla 23:38
No, no, no, not needed, not needed.
Olga Chaban 23:41
Okay, thanks. Let's move on.
Let's move on to the forms that names, address, proof letters. It's our...
Okay, reference letters, entries proof letters. Okay, do you need to collect approvals 
from additional approvals before this letter will be created for employee if they 
request it?
I think no, because I don't see such kind of approval, but just to check. Okay. Okay. 
And if we go through the information that present here as an example, here we have 
a quite standard
Satish Malla 24:25
No, not in that, not in that, not in that.
Not needed.
Olga Chaban 24:43
fields with information about employee, date of creation of this letter, then first, last 
legal name, your ID, then the start date, is it correct? It's a start date.
Satish Malla 25:01
Correct.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 25:03
Okay, in India location. And then here we have designation, job title.
Satish Malla 25:07
Title.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 25:12
And please advise about this address. Is this address provide employee or we need 
to use this address from some sources in Nepal?
Satish Malla 25:26
Satish, is that getting filled by employee or from people directly it is getting synced?
Olga Chaban 25:35
Is it a home address?
Satya Danam 25:37
Addressed people portal.
Olga Chaban 25:40
From People Portal.
Satish Malla 25:41
Triple Potter.
Satya Danam 25:41
from prepotal, personal info, personal info, primary.
Satish Malla 25:44
T.
Satya Danam 25:46
Address details.
Olga Chaban 25:50
Is it address of office where employee work?
Satya Danam 25:55
Employee personal address.
Satish Malla 25:55
Employee address, employee address.
Olga Chaban 25:59
Oh, could you please repeat, please?
I didn't get what you see.
Satish Malla 26:04
This, this, this address, yes, yes, this address is going to be captured in personal 
details, personal address, Madiraju.
Lela Akobidze 26:04
It's about home address, right?
Olga Chaban 26:18
Oh, okay. And is this and this is.
Satish Malla 26:19
In People Portal.
Satya Danam 26:21
On Payroll portal, personal info tab.
Olga Chaban 26:22
And listen to.
Mhm.
Okay, okay, so we will cheque where this information is present, but if you could 
provide us in the chat the field name that we have on the people portal where this 
address is present will be perfect. And other information in this letter is understood is 
a standard.
We don't have any changes, depend on who requests this letter. Is it correct?
Satish Malla 26:59
Correct.
Olga Chaban 26:59
I mean this part. Okay, okay, good.
Good. Let's move on.
We have to type a letter of recommendation. And actually, we're out of time. Do you 
have available time next week to continue?
Satish Malla 27:21
Yes, you can schedule for next week.
Olga Chaban 27:25
Okay, okay. Thank you very much. Actually, the information that you provided is very 
helpful for us.
Satish Malla 27:35
No problem. I just kept this screenshot of address where we pick the address in 
people portal. You can also look at that.
Olga Chaban 27:35
Uh, colleagues.
Yeah, yeah. Thank you very much. So let's wrap up for today and I reschedule one 
more meeting next week. Thank you very much one more time and have a good day. 
Bye.
Satish Malla 27:52
Yep, yep, thank you. Thanks.
Thank you.
Diana Nikoghosyan 27:56
Thank you. Bye.
Lela Akobidze 27:57
Thanks, Colin.
Satish Malla 27:58
Right.
Lela Akobidze stopped transcription