Discuss nominee details-20260504_100251-Meeting
Recording
May 4, 2026, 7:01AM
56m 46s
Hanna Vasilenka started transcription
Anastasia Sotnikova 0:03
details storage here. So thank you, Satish, for answering the questions in the email.
However, after receiving this additional information, I would like to make a few
clarifications here. So let me first share
my vision of the situation, how did I, so that you could be able to correct me if I
misunderstood something. Okay.
Satish Malla 0:23
S.
Perfect.
Anastasia Sotnikova 0:33
Okay, so according to your replies, I understood that every person have to should
have a strategic form, for example, like form F or form 2 or some other form.
Satish Malla 0:35
S.
Anastasia Sotnikova 0:52
In addition to the information that the employees, that the people live inside the
assist system regarding their nominees, do I get it correctly?
Satish Malla 1:06
NET.
Anastasia Sotnikova 1:08
Yes. Yeah. And without having this statutory form, the information that is entered in
the site by the employee has no legal effect. Is it correct?
Satish Malla 1:26
Can you come again without entering the details?
Anastasia Sotnikova 1:27
So.
Yes, we are talking about the nominee details and the information that is now being
inserted by the person directly in the assist platform does not have any legal effect.
So it cannot be considered as the legal information about the nominees.
Satish Malla 1:33
Perry.
Anastasia Sotnikova 1:50
if the person does not provide to you as the company representatives either form F
or form 2 or any other statutory form that contains this information, right? So you
cannot rely simply on the information in the assist platform.
Satish Malla 2:00
Right.
Correct.
Correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 2:10
Yeah, and what I also understood is that only 50% of the people working now in
India provided the information about the anonymous in the assist platform.
Satish Malla 2:25
Correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 2:26
So, and where do you get the information about the rest 50% of people, about their
nominees?
Satish Malla 2:35
NPF form we will get.
And in joinings we will get an onboarding process also we get the nominee details.
But more or less we will rely on the information that is applied in assist like what is a
percentage of information they can opt for. One is in graduity form we will get,
second is in PF form we will get, third is assist portal.
We will validate all three are same or not, whichever is maximum capacity
information is correct because gratuity form F and form 2, we will rely on the
onboarding process. Whenever there is information available on that, we will
immediately confirm them this is the percentage what employees opted for. This
information we will look when there is an death case happened.
Anastasia Sotnikova 3:12
Mhm.
Mhm.
Satish Malla 3:21
Uh, when you were serving the company.
This is for gratuity and PF contribution percentage. The amount to whom we have to
credit back that amount.
Anastasia Sotnikova 3:26
Mhm, so.
So, you every time the person fills out the assist platform, you double check whether
this information is the same information that they provided in the gratitude forms.
Satish Malla 3:47
Right.
Anastasia Sotnikova 3:48
How do you get those forms? Do people upload them to Docs Portal or...
Satish Malla 3:54
It's in docs that are available.
Anastasia Sotnikova 3:56
in Docs, they're available. And why do you need to make, it looks like currently you
are having duplicated this information in Docs and in Assist Portal. What's the use of
having this information in two places right now?
Satish Malla 4:12
We just want to see the percentage allocation of funds because in gratitude form,
they might have submitted at the time of joining, but after that the person might
married and they want to change the nominee and they want to allocate the
percentage to mother and wife. Then we will look at the assist portal, what is the
current state where he has been taken up.
Anastasia Sotnikova 4:18
Mhm.
And.
Satish Malla 4:34
Few change scenarios which comes into the picture when the person was unmarried
at the time of joining, at that moment he might kept the nominee as a parent like
mother or his father someone, but maybe some change activity was happened and
there was no work, no more, and they wanted to change the nominee details, then
they'll update and assist portal.
Darya Taranda 4:35
So.
Anastasia Sotnikova 4:37
Mhm.
Uh-huh.
Yeah?
Kris.
Satish Malla 4:55
They cannot do any updates in gratuity form or PF form once that is submitted by
the employee. That's where this request has been made and built another portal.
Anastasia Sotnikova 5:04
Mhm.
But if the updates happen to the personal state or to the wish of the person, don't
they have to update not only the assist portal but also the statutory form?
Satish Malla 5:19
Statutory reform, once that is submitted, they cannot do any any change on that.
Anastasia Sotnikova 5:19
Because.
Satish Malla 5:24
We will rely on the information that is there.
Anastasia Sotnikova 5:24
But, but, but if you have different information in the assist portal and in the statutory
form, which one is correct? Which one is legal one?
Darya Taranda 5:24
What do you?
Satish Malla 5:35
latest date of action which was information then we will see when the statutory form
submitted that is maybe in the two years back or one year back and when the
nominee details were updated in this portal that we will look at.
Anastasia Sotnikova 5:51
Darya, you have a question?
Darya Taranda 5:52
Yeah, so maybe...
So if I understood correctly, so this issue with different information, different sources,
you have only because employee can't update the statutory forms in onboarding
model, correct?
Satish Malla 6:02
Correct.
Platform, correct. If that is there, we can ask them to update the nominee details,
then we can kill that completely on assist portal.
Darya Taranda 6:07
Okay.
Anastasia Sotnikova 6:09
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 6:15
So potentially, if we can provide you the process which will allow employees update
these forms, so then this information, for example, can be directly taken from docs,
for example, and just
Satish Malla 6:31
Yes.
Darya Taranda 6:34
And then in this case, do you need this information will be reflected in any kind of
portals? So, I mean, if you have document, so then for what purpose you need
information in any kind of system, doesn't matter, assist or people, or doesn't matter.
Satish Malla 6:55
We don't require any information. We just wanted to see what is the percentage of
allocation that an employee is declared. So that information we cannot get once he
was no, the summation instant was happened. So we will refer all the information
and we will finalize the action.
Darya Taranda 7:00
Okay.
Anastasia Sotnikova 7:01
Mhm.
Mmh.
Darya Taranda 7:07
Okay.
Anastasia Sotnikova 7:11
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 7:11
OK, so as I see the issue here, just to have this information and assist now, is this
impossibility to update directly in onboarding model?
Satish Malla 7:22
Right.
Darya Taranda 7:23
Okay, I see. Thanks.
Anastasia Sotnikova 7:24
Okay.
Well.
I don't have any more questions, Darya, Hanna.
For me, it looks like, for me, it looks like we should, we should update the process, we
should update the possibility of updating this information in the in the onboarding
portal or in docs portal, and there is, like, from my point of view, there is no necessity
to make additional development in.
Darya Taranda 7:35
Mm.
Hanna Vasilenka 7:36
E.
Darya Taranda 7:48
So.
Anastasia Sotnikova 7:55
Any other system to double store this information and to make an additional load on
your team, Satish, for, like, for double checking, yeah, for double checking whether
this information is the same or not, so...
Darya Taranda 8:07
Strike.
Anastasia Sotnikova 8:14
We should make, we should fix the root cause, I think. Darya, Hanna, what do you
think here?
Hanna Vasilenka 8:20
Yeah, sure, we need to check possibility of docs.
Darya Taranda 8:23
So let's check with, yes, yeah, let's check with Satish. So Satish, what do you think if,
for example, I'm just like ideas, okay? If this process of updating this form will be
implemented as, for example, self-service.
Satish Malla 8:34
Yeah.
Darya Taranda 8:42
request. When employee will provide this information to your team and your team
will have us always in access in employees files.
So with for sure date of update and so on, so like versions tracking. So if it will be
okay or not.
Satish Malla 9:06
But in in docs perform, you're telling right in docs platform.
Darya Taranda 9:09
Yeah, yeah, in dogs, yes, in dogs.
Hanna Vasilenka 9:10
Yes, yes, yes.
Satish Malla 9:11
So doc platform, you are raising some request where employee would give the
nominee details what you are telling, right?
Darya Taranda 9:17
Yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 9:18
Yeah.
Satish Malla 9:18
Yeah, that should be fine, but we should also have one bulk upload from assist
portal, whatever the current information which is there, that can be uploaded from
backend to docs team and we can give the form there from where employee can
update the nominee details from the from the onwards.
Darya Taranda 9:36
So do you mean that it shouldn't be self-service process but initiated by a team, HR
team process?
Satish Malla 9:43
That can be happened, but what if the information is already there in the assist
portal? At least we can push that information back to the new application that we are
building in Docs. So missing anyhow, we will send an information that this is a
process change and we will request everyone to declare the information and recheck
the information that is available in Docs portal.
Darya Taranda 9:49
Okay.
I see.
I see, I see.
I see. Okay, this is let's say migration, data migration or processes for it. Okay, yes,
this is a good point. Thank you for highlighting. Yeah, we can think about it for sure.
So I don't think it can be a huge problem for a technical team. But okay, so yeah, I
see the picture in full. So I think that we can think about proposals and replacement
of this.
Satish Malla 10:05
That we can do.
Yes, it's here.
Hanna Vasilenka 10:08
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Satish Malla 10:09
Correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 10:09
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 10:27
Of this section.
Satish Malla 10:29
Yes.
Darya Taranda 10:30
Great.
Anastasia Sotnikova 10:30
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 10:32
Ku.
Hanna Vasilenka 10:33
Maybe we've got some some time additional ones, so maybe we can discuss
separation model if we are ready, or we've got some questions with Darya to Satish,
and we can.
Darya Taranda 10:46
So I think that you can discuss resignation.
Hanna Vasilenka 10:47
Bad.
Anastasia Sotnikova 10:50
Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, we can also cover the resignation part. So here we have your
confirmation, Satish, that the resignation letter that has been submitted by the
person
Hanna Vasilenka 10:50
OKOK.
Anastasia Sotnikova 11:10
that contains date of resignation, exit category, which means the exit reason and the
comment that when the exit request is formed based on this resignation form, we
should take only the date of resignation into this exit request.
Satish Malla 11:28
Right.
Anastasia Sotnikova 11:29
Without covering, without moving the exit category and comment, because only the
resource manager or the people partner who is then submitting the exit request
should be able to provide them this information. Yeah, yeah, correct.
Satish Malla 11:46
Comment correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 11:49
Thank you. And the three fields, the LWDs per policy, notice period, days remaining,
and revocation status. You mentioned here that you need this information to make
analysis. What?
These fields are not present in the exit request as of today. And before we add those
fields, I would like to clarify how do you use these fields for analysis, because this will
impact how you analyze this information, because this will impact.
the reports that this information should be added or not to, et cetera, et cetera. So
can you please give a little more deep details? Yes.
Satish Malla 12:37
So what comes? Yes, I can do that. So with these three options, last working day and
the notice period days remaining and revocation status will help us in a way like last
working day, as per the policy, what is the last working day? For example, if a person
was designed today, as per his notice period clause, how many days? It is 60 days or
70 days or it is 90 days. By default, there should be one last working day as per the
exit policy.
policy and what is the date we are sending we have approved him either it is after 90
days or before 90 days or less than to that and how early we are sending him or how
duration has been extended is notice period what we wanted to track and this notice
period days reminding is like for example.
as per his notice period is 90 days, but we have our employee wanted to send him or
we are asking him or employee wanted to leave early. Maybe in 30 days or 20 or 30
days he was leaving, then remaining 60 days should be compensated or it is to be
waived off. Those exemption we have to get this notice period remaining this
column.
So based on this remaining days only, we will calculate the severance pay if in Q
cases where RTB cases or the terminations happen. Based on the remaining notice
period days only, we will calculate the severance pay and we will also calculate notice
period days which is to be paid. And the revocation status talks about like what is the
request now that.
The status is not available. We are just seeing based on the emails which we get, like
exit request cancelled due to status was revoked. So that's where we can able to
track on the emails, but it would be good to have the status called if a request is
there, how many revocations has happened in this month? We wanted to track that
information.
Anastasia Sotnikova 14:03
If.
So, as far as I can hear, only revocation status is used for the reporting purposes.
Both dates are used for calculations of the termination of 1 particular employee.
Satish Malla 14:31
Correct.
Mandatory.
Definitely.
Correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 14:43
Okay, so no reporting, no reports are needed for those two days. And how do you
calculate, and who does calculate all those payments that
Should be done to the person who does this and when.
Satish Malla 15:04
At the time of exit last working day, there is a comment which is there already in not
use task, HR not use there is a task where we will validate and we will give the days
how many days and HR BPs will give us the comments there. Based on that
comments, we will update that information.
Anastasia Sotnikova 15:12
Uh-huh.
Is it something that you use in a vacation portal, like compensation, seller
compensation, or not?
Satish Malla 15:30
No, that is like only on the leave and cashment days that to be processed back.
That's where Satya test and other is like, I'll tell you the task name just a minute.
On which task exactly that information we track?
Anastasia Sotnikova 15:49
This is like the Compensation task in the exit request, not.
Satish Malla 15:55
No, that is an.
Anastasia Sotnikova 15:55
No.
Satish Malla 15:57
So.
This, we will update in HRMS.
Under the task of HR nodes, we we update where at.
Shall I share the screen?
Anastasia Sotnikova 16:45
Yep.
Sure.
Satish Malla 16:52
So, I just taken an exit person who is exiting today, so...
Anastasia Sotnikova 16:55
Yep.
Satish Malla 16:57
This is a place where you update the information.
Anastasia Sotnikova 17:01
Very soon.
I see.
Satish Malla 17:07
Under HR notice, we will update either how many notice days to be paid and any
comments to get it. And we have an internal Excel from HRBPs, like project managers
and HRBPs what we have.
So in that they will mention the comments what action to be made on this profile. I'll
show that Excel.
Anastasia Sotnikova 17:30
That would be useful.
No, dears.
Uh huh. So this information is not stored in Compensation portal or in the Vacation
portal.
Satish Malla 17:42
No, no.
So, these inputs after talking to a candidate, respect to HRBP will decide and project
people will decide salary will be paid last week and then how many days to be paid
extra 60 days of notice paid to be processed back in it's NPRTP case which is like PIP
cases. So, therefore, this information.
Anastasia Sotnikova 17:50
Mm.
Okay.
Mmh.
Satish Malla 18:05
These are the inputs we will keep there in that test slot.
Anastasia Sotnikova 18:09
So do I get it correctly that when then when an HR sees the amount of notice days or
notice periods days remaining, they map this information, this amount of days to
Satish Malla 18:09
I'll show you.
Anastasia Sotnikova 18:28
some row in your Excel and understand what they need to do.
Satish Malla 18:33
Correct.
Anastasia Sotnikova 18:34
Okay. Okay.
Satish Malla 18:37
Here, here we have notice period clearance, so it will here they'll update all the
information.
Anastasia Sotnikova 18:38
Mm-hmm.
Mhm.
May I ask you to show you this example of your Excel file? Because I have some
thought that this probably might be useful for our system to know these details.
Satish Malla 19:02
This information, what is payables and what is recovery, we will give the information
because some employees would be paid with compensation details. So that would
be, there is a request from all the project managers that they're not able to access
the comp portal and all. We will give the information if at all there is a bonus amount
notice, what is we say.
Any bonus that we paid, so we will show these amounts here. If at all they want to
give in a wave off, if they want to recover, then they'll give this comment if they to be
recovered.
Anastasia Sotnikova 19:34
Mhm.
Satish Malla 19:36
So this is just a running Excel between teams, it's internal.
Anastasia Sotnikova 19:37
I wonder, I wonder why this cannot be stored in some internal system in
Compensation, for example, so that you could go and check there. They don't have...
Darya Taranda 19:49
Because Compensation don't have any kind of information about notice periods and
so on and so forth.
Satish Malla 19:51
Compensation will not have.
Anastasia Sotnikova 19:55
Mhm, mhm.
Darya Taranda 19:56
There are.
Satish Malla 19:56
Any system was given, then we are happy to use that.
Anastasia Sotnikova 20:01
I see, I see.
I got it, I got it.
Darya Taranda 20:13
It's all the amount which must be added by somebody.
Anastasia Sotnikova 20:14
Mhm, mhm.
Mhm, mhm, mhm.
Darya Taranda 20:21
Okay.
Anastasia Sotnikova 20:22
Okay, and I think that one more question from my side regarding the exit date per
policy and notice periods, days remaining, how the values in these fields are defined.
So are there some specific rules that help you to automatically pre-fill those?
those fields or when the HR or resource manager submits the exit request, they know
what values to choose there.
Satish Malla 20:51
Where in this request, in the request, in the sense, the exact request you're talking
about?
Anastasia Sotnikova 20:57
Yes, but exit requesting people platform.
Satish Malla 21:00
Obviously, whenever there is a request raised by either people portal, people my
advisory or an RM, so once the request has been raised, we would be saying like
what is the date of resignation from there for based on his grade or title, I mean, for
his an up to.
A4, it is 60 days. A5, whenever it is 90 days is the notice period. Based on his grade or
title, automatically the notice period will be calculated. It should be either day he was
kept his papers plus 59 days is the calculated formula which we take into
consideration.
Anastasia Sotnikova 21:22
Mhm.
Okay, Darya.
Satish Malla 21:43
Darya.
Darya Taranda 21:43
I have very, very strange question, but still, so, as I imagined previously, so the assist
portal was OK, no, just separation model in assist mode in assist is first of all for
employees.
who wants to raise hand and wants to terminate from the company. So, but now
what you show, it means that in assist portal, you just add all types of exits, or you
just calculate it in Excel separately and it doesn't matter.
Satish Malla 22:08
Correct.
Darya Taranda 22:21
What is the source of...
Initiative lips.
Satish Malla 22:25
This Excel is just in for between the teams. There is nothing with the portals that we
do in under Excel.
Darya Taranda 22:30
Chinmoy, OK, so you generate in Excel all information from different sources,
correct?
Satish Malla 22:35
Right. Correct.
Darya Taranda 22:37
Okay, thanks.
Satish Malla 22:39
So now, can you give me clarity in when we are pushing this separation model to
people? So now employee will be able to raise a separation request or still it with a
HR business partner or with respect to RM will reject the request.
Darya Taranda 22:54
So considering general migration of separation model, so we need to understand all
details before we will present you just like our final proposal, just because there are a
few options and depending on all this information,
Satish Malla 23:06
Ohh.
Darya Taranda 23:13
which must be added to exit request. So we need to think. So, Anya, is your question
about this point, or we can just ask Nasta to show drafts?
Hanna Vasilenka 23:25
My question is about like notification period. Is it possible that employee discuss
reducing of notification period? For example, based on level, it will be 90 days, but
company will be okay to let him go.
Satish Malla 23:42
So that...
I mean.
Hanna Vasilenka 23:44
in, I don't know, in 30 days. Do you need to have possibility to adjust it?
Anastasia Sotnikova 23:58
You mean the notice period, Anna?
Hanna Vasilenka 23:59
Yes, yes, yes. Is it or it's strictly 60 or 90 days or it's possible to negotiate it with RAM?
I don't know, with project manager.
Anastasia Sotnikova 24:00
Mmh.
Darya Taranda 24:09
Yeah, for example, employee come to company and say, I want to be terminated in a
week. So in this case, should we pay severance payment as well? Or as far as this is if
wish of employee, we can just, we will not have any kind of
Uh, payments from our set from company side.
Satish Malla 24:32
Let me clearly explain you this process that we follow on this separation model,
Darya and Hanna, so that maybe we will for you that will help us while creating the
draft agreement for implementation or development process. So what exactly we do
is like if an employee, our expectation is like now it is with HRBPs and RMs.
Hanna Vasilenka 24:34
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 24:42
Yeah.
Satish Malla 24:52
Now we want an employee also to raise a request on People Portal. If an employee
comes to People Portal and want to raise a separation request, so once he triggered
a request, only two default fields will be taken. So if he request is raised today, the
date of resignation will come as with the date today. And based on his title, a default
notice period days will be shown there. Either it is 90 days or 60 days.
It will be be default by soon and tentative last working day there will be a column in
which no RL's notice period as per the policy, it will come to default 90 days or 60
days with the title of what is holding at that moment of time where he was raising
the resignation request. So once he mentioned the comment why he want to, it is a
mandatory comment that.
Darya Taranda 25:16
Mhm.
Satish Malla 25:37
everyone needed. So you need to mention the comment why he want to put on his
papers and submit the request. Once he submits the request, the request should go
to the respective unit manager head and reporting manager should get this
information. For example, total Rewards points, Chinmoy is head, so Chinmoy should
be getting the information.
Darya Taranda 25:53
Mhm.
Satish Malla 25:59
And if I am reporting someone else in the team, then my reporting manager will have
an action. And overall view, Vasantha should have information like how many people
are in service in notice period under people under Vasantha. So that Vasantha will
have information, how many team members are leaving from people operations or
people manager, she should be able to see.
And Chinmoy will look at the request. He will open the request and he will after
discussing with me, he will keep some date, either approved, mutually agreed, one
date would be common as fixed. So he will come and change the last working day
approved. There should be one date which is called last working day approved date.
So Chinmoy will come to that request and he'll update the date of request, like when
he wanted to exit and it is agreed with the company or not. And then he'll put that
date and submit the request. In that case, what happens is the request is approved
and his last working day is decided to exit. All the benefits and all will be calculated
from now onwards, like.
notice period pay and all till last working day approved date to notice period day as
per the policy. The different days will be as notice period days paid to be. Either they
want to pay or it has a waved off. So those are all information we have to capture.
Darya Taranda 27:21
Thank you.
Satish Malla 27:21
And once this has been submitted, the whole information should come. There is a
report somewhere. Once we download the report, like how we are downloading all
information from people, where we are able to see what is the information like fulltime and maternity cases. So in the same way, we should be getting notice period in
Saru people or what.
Either it can be anything. We have to see what is the projected end date. So once
request has been raised.
Darya Taranda 27:48
Mhm.
Okay.
Satish Malla 27:51
That's expectation only for the last working day approved by RM is to be considered
for report generation.
Darya Taranda 27:56
Adam, OK.
Hanna Vasilenka 27:57
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 28:04
So, Nasta, could you please move to the to the ideas without draft creation?
Anastasia Sotnikova 28:15
Suzhou.
Darya Taranda 28:18
Yes, this one. So Satish, our first idea was as far as it's very complicated from process
point of view to allow employees submit by themselves such as requests and just for
example in draft or any other.
So our idea here is to create, to move this step to support portal. So for example, it
will be visible in general list of people services for India and employee can submit
their request that, okay, I want to terminate and so on and so forth.
So what this, if I understood you correctly, so from general process, so the most
important thing here is that people partner and resource manager must be informed,
notified about this request from employee side.
And resource manager must approve it, so support portal give us this possibility, and
for sure there we can add some kind of fields required just by from the point of view
of employee and later just approved, for example.
leave last working day or end date from resource manager side. So as well, this is like
concept, yep, without just clear details, but still. So we can use this request in support
portal as trigger for.
Exit request draft, for example.
with all the information which has been added to this support request. So, and we
can help a resource manager to create this exit request, but we need to think, I think
one more time, about all these details which you described.
Right now.
Satish Malla 30:25
But in the people already we have the request in flow, right? Only thing piece which
is missing in people is like employees not having access to raise a request. Once we
attach that request where employee can under actions, employee will also able to
raise a request. Obviously the process everything is same as now, now any of.
Darya Taranda 30:32
Yeah.
Yeah.
Satish Malla 30:45
Process again, RM goes to people and is approving on people only. Why can't we
implement one step like employee can raise a request on people and that will go for
RM? Yes, and RM will request either it has to be rejected or approved. Instead of
creating a separate service request and all, I prefer employee can raise from people.
Darya Taranda 30:53
By themselves.
Okay.
Directly.
Satish Malla 31:08
We can stop, hold of all this process.
Darya Taranda 31:08
Yeah, so I'm just, so, OK, so, OK, I see. So, yes, we just as well thought about this idea
just to provide employees directly submit, but I'm a little bit worried about the, let's
say, quality of such requests, so, because...
It could be.
Satish Malla 31:29
Let it be once he, once an employee raised the request, they will not be impact any
of the systems, right? So, once employee ADM performed the action, either he reject
or accept, then only that would impact the how the continuous flow is happening.
That will much only thing is like the one that is there in assist.
Darya Taranda 31:38
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Satish Malla 31:48
is getting moved to people, only just employee raise a request there in people, that's
it, action and all will remain still same once RM approves the request. Or HRMS BP, or
people administer the L2 or L1, once we approve the request, only the impact will
create, like how the continuous process, any of which is there.
Darya Taranda 31:58
I see. Okay.
Satish Malla 32:09
can be performed in the same way. Only piece we have to attach there is like
employee themselves can raise a request.
Darya Taranda 32:09
Mhm.
Okay, I think that we will analyze full picture one more time and we will evaluate
what kind of implementation will be less, let's say, risky and...
Anastasia Sotnikova 32:21
Mm.
Satish Malla 32:23
Yeah.
Darya Taranda 32:34
easier for system just because we as well need to consider different types of audits
and so on and so forth and security. So because access to employee to exit request
may be some things, so Anastasiia, what do you think? So I think it can be a little bit
questionable from.
From audit and security side.
Anastasia Sotnikova 32:56
Mm.
Let's discuss with the data privacy office and get back with the thoughts. So I'm not
able to, unfortunately right now, to tell anything about this. Yes, we need some more
time to think over.
Darya Taranda 32:59
Yeah, let's discuss and.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anastasia Sotnikova 33:17
I have one small question regarding the status or when the employee raises the
request, but the resource manager rejects it. So the person is marked as retained.
What do, for example, we have this information, no matter where,
restore this in service portal or in people portal. We have the rejected request for
separation. What do you do with this information? What reasoning usually resource
manager provides when they reject these?
this request, what you do with those reasoning that is provided and how you
manage the further situation.
Because I want to understand if, for example, we will store this information in people
portal, like the rejected request, I want to understand what information must be
stored in there and who uses this information later on.
Satish Malla 34:07
No.
Not really, we don't quite in this, we consider it like any that employee.
Anastasia Sotnikova 34:27
All of this.
I'm sorry, Satish, you're disappearing. Can you please repeat?
Darya Taranda 34:36
Yeah.
Connection very bad, yeah.
Anastasia Sotnikova 34:40
Yeah, 'cause the connection is is poor, yeah.
I'm.
Satish Malla 34:45
There is then a power cut, so I have to join again with the other network. I hope I'm
audible, right?
Anastasia Sotnikova 34:53
Looks like, can you please repeat from the very beginning what you were saying?
Sorry.
Hanna Vasilenka 34:54
Yep.
Satish Malla 35:01
Sorry, I was telling like, once the employee submits the request, the piece which we
are not able to perform in people is like the submission of employee request. Now
only that, the rest all remains the same. Like after that, RM will review the request,
ADM will say either yes or no.
If it is yes, then the request says like exit request, request is cancelled.
Anastasia Sotnikova 35:24
Yeah.
Yeah, and if it is no.
Satish Malla 35:28
If it is yes, the same process is continued.
Anastasia Sotnikova 35:33
But if it is no, I'm interested in the part, if Erem rejects the submission, what happens
then? Does Erem need to provide some information why he rejects the resignation?
Satish Malla 35:47
Then just a comment, he'll mention a comment. He'll just take a comment like, why
are they rejecting the request? Either it has been rejection was happened or
employees okay to perform his duties and all that. That's a minimal comment where
RM gives and submit the request. Even.
Anastasia Sotnikova 35:59
Ohh.
Satish Malla 36:07
Now, still they are doing that in assist.
Anastasia Sotnikova 36:09
Mhm.
And do you use these comments somehow in new reports or do you do you do
something with this information or not?
Satish Malla 36:18
No.
We only see how many requests has been retained. For example, revoke, how many
exit requests are cancelled. So by default, all the exit requests which are cancelled will
come to a revoke. What is the revoke percentage for this month? We would be
calculated in Power BI.
Anastasia Sotnikova 36:27
Okay.
I.
Okay. Okay.
No, any connection with the like talks in telescope or in people? No, no, no
connection. OK.
Satish Malla 36:52
No.
No.
Unless until RM approves, there is no impact on any of the portals. It will not reflect
on any portal.
Anastasia Sotnikova 37:00
Mhm.
Mhm, mhm.
So, okay.
Okay, I got it. No more questions from my side as of today.
Darya, Anya.
Satish Malla 37:20
Ku.
Darya Taranda 37:20
Great. So it become more clear. Thank you so much, Satish, for the details. So I think
that NYSTA will help us to summarize all the information which we get today. And we
will not, so quite soon we will share with you, Satish, the proposals about
implementation of nominee details. So as well, we will discuss it with Doc's team.
Satish Malla 37:22
Yes, please.
Anastasia Sotnikova 37:25
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Darya Taranda 37:45
So what we can implement there and Nasta will help us to summarize more or less
separation model. So I think that we got all the required details for us. Yes, Nasta.
Satish Malla 38:00
Perfect.
Anastasia Sotnikova 38:01
Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. So you are having a little bit more time to
cover your questions.
Darya Taranda 38:02
Right, right.
Hanna Vasilenka 38:08
Yeah, Dasha, maybe we can ask our questions to Satish since we've got like 20
minutes.
Darya Taranda 38:10
Yep.
It's true.
Yes, sure. So, Anastasiia, thank you so much. So, you can disconnect. Yeah, thank you.
Anastasia Sotnikova 38:17
Okay.
Thank you. Thank you, colleagues. Thank you, Satish, and have a good rest of the
day.
Satish Malla 38:22
Thank you. Thank you.
Hanna Vasilenka 38:23
Thank you, thank you. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, Satish, we've got like some question
from the docs team. I summarize and send them on Thursday and maybe we can
discuss it now on the call, like open question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it will be very
useful call, yeah, because we will clarify all questions, yeah.
Satish Malla 38:25
Thank you, Anastasiia.
It's worse.
Darya Taranda 38:40
It's a complex, complex call.
Very useful time.
Satish Malla 38:48
When Hanna comes into the call, it will always be productive. She will not lift for 10
minutes.
Hanna Vasilenka 38:48
Yeah.
Darya Taranda 38:51
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 38:53
Yeah, I'm using every second here. So, Darya, maybe I will show what we've got the
mirror from the docs team here, and maybe it will be it here.
Darya Taranda 38:54
A nice, good helper.
Yes, sure. Let's discuss. So, because Satish, we just spent a few hours during last week
with Doc's team. And unfortunately, it's not clear picture which they provide. So me
and Daniel, we decided to ask you directly.
Satish Malla 39:13
Okay.
Darya Taranda 39:22
What does it mean? So because for us, it looks like a little bit illogical or just not
correct. So maybe they understood incorrectly or maybe we can just decide to find
some any other option. So, Anya, yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 39:41
Yeah, the first question regarding the compensation letter, do we need to have some
acknowledgement that the employee reviewed the letter of compensation? Is it?
Darya Taranda 39:41
The first notes.
Satish Malla 39:52
Just an option where a radio button is also fine, accepted or not accepted. Once he
accepted, we should capture the date time. For example, today I accept, then it
should be May 4th, that in one is the date time we take. That's it. We will not take
any of the information like.
Darya Taranda 40:06
Mm-hmm.
Alexa.
Mm-hmm.
Satish Malla 40:27
Only radio button where accept will be there. Once he really click on that accept
button and it disables and it should give us the date stamp.
When did he accept it?
Hanna Vasilenka 40:35
The.
Darya Taranda 40:35
So what will be, so what will be with this compensation letter if employee do not
make any actions? So employee do not accept nothing.
Satish Malla 40:46
No action. One, one, I think. Once letter is rolled out, that compensation will be
processed. So he might move to his RM and he might raise his concern. If they have
any budget, they'll come back and revise the salary. But there is no action that where
an employee will be penalized, like no compensation will be processed unless you
accept. There is nothing else.
Darya Taranda 40:53
Okay.
Auction.
Satish Malla 41:07
Which?
Darya Taranda 41:08
So.
Hanna Vasilenka 41:08
E.
We've got very simple variant just to give to download this letter. Yeah, must upload
as normal one and employee opens that page and see like document to download,
Compensation letter, push the button, download it, that's all. Even this is a very
simple variant.
Darya Taranda 41:25
And, and we need, sorry, sorry, and so if I understood correctly, so we need to have
time stamp when in play, download this email, correct, Satish?
Satish Malla 41:39
Oh, find download rather than download it can be like accepted.
Darya Taranda 41:45
Mhm.
Okay.
Hanna Vasilenka 41:46
Because, yeah, we've got like...
Satish Malla 41:48
Download is like, say, tomorrow if I download multiple times, it will not give the log
report, right? It will just give the latest date.
Darya Taranda 41:52
Okay, yeah, it will be. I agree. I agree, agree. Good point.
Hanna Vasilenka 41:54
Yeah.
Satish Malla 41:56
I need, I need the letter date whenever that is been, truly he accepted that.
Darya Taranda 42:02
Okay.
Hanna Vasilenka 42:02
Like first time, first time action, yes, first time action. OK, we see, yeah, because more
complicated cases, if we at the end of this document will be OK, or some button like
submit some actions which we can take the time or some, I don't know.
Satish Malla 42:05
Yep.
Yeah, correct.
Hanna Vasilenka 42:22
A check box like acknowledged, for example.
Satish Malla 42:25
When this the docs when we are pushing letters all everything to here, let's
categorized into two different type. Compensation letters is under one category and
all self-service letters like address proofs, visual letters and all into one category.
Hanna Vasilenka 42:43
Compensation and separation.
Satish Malla 42:47
I'll show you when has it what it comes like.
Hanna Vasilenka 42:48
Yes, yeah, could you please show?
Darya Taranda 42:55
So then, I know we need the second option, correct, with...
Satish Malla 42:57
Let me share my screen.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:01
Yes, maybe middle between 1st and 2nd.
Darya Taranda 43:05
Yeah.
Okay. Okay. This is about Compensation letters. Okay.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:11
Yeah, one second, Satish, will show us.
Satish Malla 43:12
So, I'm just sharing.
I just shared my screen. Hope it is visible, right? So under my documents, I can see
what all the reference letters is like, all HRMS letters, like self-service letters, all
request proof of service letters, whatever we take.
Darya Taranda 43:16
OK, yes, please.
Mhm.
Yeah, this is more or less clear, yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:31
Mhm.
Satish Malla 43:33
So, here, once we click on Compensation letters, it will get what all generated letters
we have.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:41
And Satish one.
Satish Malla 43:41
See, this is I view of the letter, I this is when I accepted the letter.
I can download from here.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:46
Except.
Darya Taranda 43:46
And.
Hanna Vasilenka 43:49
You need some time stamp when it was first time, like, yeah, accepted, downloaded,
or something like that. You don't need particular, you do not.
Satish Malla 43:53
Accepted.
Only on accepted.
Hanna Vasilenka 44:01
make any actions based on the information that acknowledgement just to see that
this action was, that's all, without any further action.
Darya Taranda 44:10
Ohh.
I have as well, strange, but I'm thinking about options. So this is this accept date, let's
say. Is this...
Legal requirement or this is by company policy?
Satish Malla 44:31
It's just a company policy where employee we are giving an option for employee to
accept or it cannot be accepted also.
Darya Taranda 44:32
Do do.
Okay, I see.
Satish Malla 44:41
But no action is performed on employee level. Like we will not stop his salary if he's
not accepted nothing as such. But we just want to see, but he'll not even get an
option to reject as well. Either he can accept or he can let's remind as not accepted.
Darya Taranda 44:44
Okay.
Mhm.
Mmh.
Yeah, I see. So then this email, this letter is acknowledged to employee about just
approved amount of his promotion. And employee by him or herself, if he or she
does not agree,
Hanna Vasilenka 44:56
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 45:14
The only option is to connect with Resource Manager and discuss this promotion,
correct?
Satish Malla 45:22
Correct, correct.
Darya Taranda 45:23
Okay, I see.
Hanna Vasilenka 45:26
Next question about like the security level. Is it will be enough or is that as normally
in docs in play just go with like CCO inside of the docs and download his the
Compensation letters at all without any additional password or something like that.
Satish Malla 45:45
We have to password has to be protected with PS PAN number, encapsulate.
Hanna Vasilenka 45:53
Is it?
Satish Malla 45:53
Can I just download the compensation letter? So, once he open a down
compensation letter, it has to prompt for a password, and that will be his PA and
PAN number.
Darya Taranda 46:06
Can this step be skipped?
Considering.
Satish Malla 46:12
We cannot it because its Compensation letters itself should be some encrypted
version.
Darya Taranda 46:20
Mm-hmm.
Satish Malla 46:20
Tomorrow if some audit shows like what is the security that you are following on this
combination letters, then we can show them that we are already a password
protected or encrypted mode.
Darya Taranda 46:33
Do you have the same, do you have the same password system for other
compensation related documents? I mean, for example, pay slips and so on and so
forth.
Satish Malla 46:33
Some information after you.
That's different on the all sec portal. That's again single sign on and it will go there
and they'll look at it easy information and they'll download and view that. This is
related only to this letters.
Darya Taranda 47:05
Mhm.
And this requirement to security. Is this from audit side or this is as well just because
it was implemented in assist? Just because, so why I'm trying to understand how we
can replace, just because in docs for now we don't have such such.
capability. So because docs security rules are based on general company
authorization rules, so SSO, access and so on and so forth. So it's like the general
rules which control
access of employees to any kind of systems and documents. So it means that...
Satish Malla 47:53
At least by default we can show one instance like caution where they accept and they
should not be shared with anyone. I can give you the content of that caution note
and once we accept that we can show the screen of this.
Ku.
Darya Taranda 48:14
It's a very bad connection.
Satish Malla 48:19
Hello!
Hanna Vasilenka 48:20
Yeah, could, yeah, could you please, yeah, repeat?
Darya Taranda 48:20
Hey, you're back. Could you please repeat?
Satish Malla 48:26
So, whatever the thing is.
Rolling.
Darya Taranda 48:30
Nope, it become worse.
Satish Malla 48:36
Let me change it. I got the power. One second.
Hanna Vasilenka 48:40
Mhm.
Darya Taranda 48:45
Poop poo.
Satish Malla 48:48
Hello.
Hanna Vasilenka 48:49
Yeah, yeah.
Darya Taranda 48:49
Yep.
Satish Malla 48:50
I'm audible, right?
Darya Taranda 48:52
Yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 48:52
Yeah.
Satish Malla 48:54
So what I was asking is like, once we employee views his compensation letter, can we
get a caution note like, this information should not be shared with anyone and kind
of a security caution note. Once he accept that, we can open the document.
Darya Taranda 48:59
Mhm.
Ohh.
Mhm, mhm.
Satish Malla 49:14
At least, at least we are not able to provide this span feature or password protection
feature. Let's put this caution note and take an acceptance from the employee.
Darya Taranda 49:19
Mhm.
So, I think that noted disclaimer, yeah.
Hanna Vasilenka 49:24
Like, disclaimer, yeah, it's possible, maybe.
Satish Malla 49:27
Disclaimer, kind of a disclaimer.
Hanna Vasilenka 49:28
Yeah, yeah, we will we can check with legal teams the wording for this disclaimer
what is from the legal point it's possible to request and.
Darya Taranda 49:28
Yeah, it's possible.
Satish Malla 49:38
Yeah.
Darya Taranda 49:41
As well, I think that we can discuss, for example, watermarks on the...
On the template, so something like that, and maybe we can add as well disclaimer in
the email in the letter itself and in docs as well, so we can think how many
disclaimers and notices we should add, so I don't think it's.
Hanna Vasilenka 49:51
Mhm.
Time.
Darya Taranda 50:07
It's problem right now.
Hanna Vasilenka 50:10
Okay, so the next question which we need, Docs Team told that they found in assist
16 documents type for compensation letter in admin panels they see, yes. And they
say that just
four examples was shared with them. Do you understand correct that just four
needed to be transformed from assist to docs?
Well, it's like some maximum combination.
Satish Malla 50:43
That has been moved actually. So everything, anything we will be shared into that
letters. In this 4 categories which we have, all the letters have been moved into that
four type of combination letters. And I have another that we have few more for flex
to fixed.
Hanna Vasilenka 50:58
Ah, so this, for example, is combination.
Satish Malla 51:04
But any of that is again moved to fixed now. I think that recommendation is not
needed anymore.
Darya Taranda 51:11
Good boy, Okay.
Hanna Vasilenka 51:13
I can talk to you.
Satish Malla 51:13
There are a couple of letters, same set of letters we used to use for flex employees as
well, as that is getting merged to GDO, already merged effective from 1st April. So
no further requirement of such kind of letters for us.
Darya Taranda 51:22
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Hanna Vasilenka 51:26
Okay.
Okay, and do we need to understand that this final Compensation letter is a
combination of different parts, for example, about, I don't know, salary, like
promotion, and another category and another, so it's like blocks, yeah.
Darya Taranda 51:42
Bonuses.
Satish Malla 51:44
Ohh.
Hanna Vasilenka 51:48
Based on what it will be changed, several blocks will be appeared in email, yes?
Satish Malla 51:53
Yes.
Correct.
Hanna Vasilenka 51:57
Okay.
Satish Malla 51:58
Either it will be including my bonus or excluding bonus and including LTI or exclude
both the options or any one can be included or any all both can be excluded. These
are the set of letters will be extracted from that Excel sheet which was provided to
Olga.
Hanna Vasilenka 52:04
Mhm.
Okay.
If acceptance.
One second, I will check. Yeah, the open question based on email.
So after the question, after the accepting the like downloading information, what the
behavior should we for this like docs request? It should be after close, for example,
during some period of time or someone manually would like to close it.
Satish Malla 52:54
Sure, which request is that?
Hanna Vasilenka 52:57
If it will be self-service for compensation, not self-service, compensation letter, it will
be like mass upload initiated for some person, yes. Our employee receives this,
download them compensation letter and what is this request to do after that? It
should be after closed, for example, in one month.
or in one week, or the originator, or the person who opens this request, would like to
manually somehow to complete this docs request.
Satish Malla 53:33
I didn't get that. Can you just repeat it again, please?
Hanna Vasilenka 53:37
Yes, one second to go, maybe, yeah, share it.
Satish Malla 53:38
Got it.
Hanna Vasilenka 53:44
Uh, we've got like mass creation of docs request, yes, like this one.
Satish Malla 53:49
Oh, oh, oh.
Correct, correct.
Hanna Vasilenka 53:52
It will be in status like some in progress, open or something like that. And what we
need to do with this auto close, like to change the status from in progress, for
example, to auto close in months, in one week, or the originator who raises this
request need manually.
Satish Malla 54:09
We just wanted the status. I got your point. We wanted status as like in processes like
letter is not reflected to employee. Once the letter is reflected to employee doc
portal, it should be it should be reflected as status generated. That's it.
Hanna Vasilenka 54:14
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Satish Malla 54:28
We are not bothered about he's opened or he accepted. We will not bother about
that. We only wanted to see, for example, in a bulk I'm generating letters for 200
people. I just want to see for 200 people the letter is generated or not. The
generated in the sense the letter is already reflecting in his docs portal or something
there is an issue. There is sometimes.
employee ID is not matching with the profile ID, then those cases is like it should
come as an error. Then only for those error cases, I'll re-upload the information and
make it make sure that is the status is reflected as generated.
Hanna Vasilenka 55:02
But what to do with this docs request? It should be, I don't know, by years to be still
generated because it's not the last status of the docs request. Or make like this Auto
close, for example, after months, like Compensation campaign completed, and we
can close it here.
Satish Malla 55:16
It cannot close it, it cannot close.
In Auto closed in a week.
Hanna Vasilenka 55:21
Okay, okay, so Auto close and then back, we've got some minutes and so, as we
understand, you don't need any additional reports. What was this with this letter?
Nothing additional, just this board, it will be okay.
Satish Malla 55:41
That's what is fair enough.
Hanna Vasilenka 55:43
And.
requirements and as we understand we still wait about which in do we need to use
Indian currency format for this.
Satish Malla 55:53
Yes, Indian currency format only.
Hanna Vasilenka 55:55
Only, okay, administration report. Security access, we understand.
Acceptance technology.
OK, so this four types, yeah, maybe we come or close all open questions.
Satish Malla 56:12
Yes.
Hanna Vasilenka 56:14
Yeah, yeah, very productive call. Yeah, and you can go to holiday because we already
have got like all information what to proceed and prepare for your back for next
week some calls where to show some processes.
Darya Taranda 56:15
Perfect.
Satish Malla 56:19
Okay.
Darya Taranda 56:24
Yeah.
Satish Malla 56:32
Yes, please.
Darya Taranda 56:32
While you have a rest, so the teams will work.
Hanna Vasilenka 56:35
Yes.
Satish Malla 56:35
Thank you. Thanks, Darya. Thanks, Hanna.
Hanna Vasilenka 56:38
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Darya Taranda 56:38
Thank you, Satish. Have a great holidays.
Hanna Vasilenka 56:41
Yeah, thanks so much. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
Satish Malla 56:41
You, bye.
Darya Taranda 56:43
Thank you. Bye.
Hanna Vasilenka stopped transcription