[DOCS] Assist Letter questions-20260407_123056-
Meeting Recording
7 April 2026, 09:31am
38m 25s
Olga Chaban started transcription
Olga Chaban 0:03
Can you see it?
Lela Akobidze 0:06
Yes.
Satish Malla 0:06
Yeah, we were able to see that.
Olga Chaban 0:08
Mm-hmm. Great. Uh. So let's continue discussion of uh uh uh.
Letters that we have as an example.
On our previous meeting, we discussed compensation letter. By the way, thank you 
very much for additional examples that you shared with us. We'll go back to this 
example a little bit later and we.
Finalize all letters that we have currently here in the folders and also information of 
these letters in Excel file.
Address proof letter were also discussed previously and maybe let me stop here for a 
while. Now what I want to check with you one more time.
Here is the example of address employee address that we have in examples that you 
shared with us and also you share it the.
Information where we can take this address from people platform and what we 
notice that the format of this address a little bit different that we have in our letters.
Satish Malla 1:34
Correct.
Olga Chaban 1:43
Let me go here and open it. OK, address proof letter. What I want to confirm with 
you, please advise if we can use the same format.
4 letters in docs as we have in our people platform. Or maybe you can provide us 
with the details. For example, if the format of address as it right now present in the 
letters, it's.
Some kind of required or you have some strict rules was that could you please 
comment it?
As the question is, can we reuse the same format as we have in people platform here 
as you see on the example or require it to use the format that we have in example 
that you shared with us in the letter?
Satish Malla 2:55
Second, I'm just looking good.
Olga Chaban 2:55
Satish.
Um, I can try to, uh, make it a little bit bigger.
Theories.
Um.
Satish Malla 3:19
So let me give you the content how it has to pick up. So once you click on click on 
edit, I mean you're not having. Let me share the screen.
Olga Chaban 3:30
So yeah, yeah, sure.
Satish Malla 3:31
Shall I?
I can know is this can be visible or not.
Olga Chaban 3:44
Carpet's not visible.
Yeah, it's visible.
Satish Malla 3:57
So once we click on update address earlier, this is the information how it will reflect 
here on the view part. So India and coming here right? So I'll give you the order how 
to pick the pick these details. Will that suffice?
Olga Chaban 4:05
Mhm.
Mhm.
Satish Malla 4:20
That is suffice, right? I'll just give the order to pick this in details.
Olga Chaban 4:20
OK.
Um, OK.
Satish Malla 4:30
From down top it should go.
Olga Chaban 4:33
Uh, sure. Uh, we um uh.
Satish Malla 4:36
Starting with building is 1, apartment room number is 2, neighborhood three, St. 4, 
zip code, district, country and city, city and country.
Olga Chaban 4:50
So it's required to use uh uh the orders that uh you uh uh just present, yeah.
Satish Malla 4:52
Yeah.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 4:58
OK. And as I understood, it's connect with any address that you have that are present 
in the letters in India. Doesn't matter it's personal address or office address as a 
format should be the same.
Satish Malla 5:10
Correct.
Yes.
Olga Chaban 5:17
OK. OK. Thank you for this explanation. OK, let me share the screen one more time 
and let's move on.
OK, so let's go to the next type of letters, letter of recommendation. We start to 
discuss it previously, but not finalize what should be present in this letter. Let me 
quickly remind you.
You that you provided us with two examples of letter of recommendation. One of 
them are very simple. Here we have just.
Information about the employee, some details of his profile and also job title and the 
toll as part of this.
Letter is standard and applicable for each letter starting from paragraph. This is to 
notify and etcetera from this one.
Uh, but we have.
Satish Malla 6:35
One second here, here the purpose when you write like employee roles and 
responsibility, employee would be giving their roles and responsibility in detail. 
Maybe it can be 2 pages or one page. Whatever the information they give that has to 
be reflect under roles and responsibility in the paragraph.
Olga Chaban 6:37
Yeah, yeah.
Mm-hmm. So um, the here present just a role.
Satish Malla 6:57
Yeah, as it is mentioned only associate People Operations specialist. It is showing it's 
showing as only associate People Operations specialist. In general there will be a 
content like 5-6 lines or 10 lines would be there like detailed brief roles and 
responsibility given. This will be shown there.
Olga Chaban 7:15
I I understood you talk about this part here because in second example we have 
much more information.
Satish Malla 7:20
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, correct, correct. So this information will be provided by 
employee while generating the letter. So once that is being reviewed, that will be 
coming here directly on the letter.
Olga Chaban 7:26
Uh, OK.
OK, so is the available field for providing this information available for each 
employee who request a recommendation?
Satish Malla 7:43
Correct.
Yes.
Recommendation.
Olga Chaban 7:49
Yeah, and it's just a blank line. I mean, the employee could provide this information 
in any format or you have some.
Satish Malla 7:59
Yeah.
No, no, it can format. It's open.
Olga Chaban 8:03
Open. OK. Is it required that this field should be open or maybe we can use the 
format that you have in example and create?
Satish Malla 8:11
Yes.
Olga Chaban 8:20
Direct form to provide information about project, client, direction, role report and 
technology stack and etcetera.
Satish Malla 8:30
No, we cannot give that better. You can give two fields, technology stack and 
responsibility because we cannot give the client name and all. Sometimes it is not 
advisable to show the client details and all though it is an in house internal usage but 
still.
Olga Chaban 8:36
Mhm.
Satish Malla 8:47
So we keep that as open where people wanted they will request the letter and get it 
done.
Olga Chaban 8:56
Mhm.
Satish Malla 8:57
Let's keep it as open, Olga. Don't mention it any comments there are a format 
required. Let it be an open. Whatever the info they get, they fill there. It'll it should 
affect on the letter.
Olga Chaban 8:58
Yeah.
OK, I think we will have a chance to discuss it more in more details when we start to 
implement Societer inbox platform.
Satish Malla 9:18
Oh.
Olga Chaban 9:24
Because index platform will also have some limitation and need to go through all 
points that we have here one by one to discuss how we could present it in such kind 
of letters for now, for now for us will be.
Satish Malla 9:40
Yes.
Olga Chaban 9:44
Enough to receive your feedback that it should be open field and some information 
could be standardized, but some information should be stay on employee side. I 
mean if they want to provide this information to the letters they should have 
opportunity to.
Do it OK and what I want to confirm with you the beginning of this letter, I mean this 
part will be the standard for each employee.
Satish Malla 10:16
Yeah, it is tampered.
Olga Chaban 10:19
And the end of this letter starting from oh, actually I don't see here the phrase about 
COVID. Is it standard phrase or not?
Satish Malla 10:29
No.
COVID can be remote and it is no more COVID. We can remove that information on 
the previous one as well.
Olga Chaban 10:39
So if I understood you correctly from this paragraph for any questions, the text 
should be standardized. OK, OK. Thank you for this clarification.
Satish Malla 10:46
Yeah, yes.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 10:55
One more question regarding this letters. The letter of recommendation could be 
requested only from employee side or maybe ex employee also could request this 
letter in some way with assist platform.
Satish Malla 11:18
Sorry Olga, you're looking anything on me.
Olga Chaban 11:29
only from employee side, I mean a palm employee. Or in some cases, this letter could 
be requested for ex-employee, for employee who currently is not working in a palm, 
but in some way, they need this letter of recommendation.
Satish Malla 11:50
No, Ex employee will not have any access on the DOCS portal, so it is only for the 
active employees.
Olga Chaban 11:55
Activa, please. OK. OK. Thank you.
Satish Malla 11:58
Any for Ex employees, for any Ex employees, we can update and share the letter on 
behalf of employee. As an admin, we should be able to generate for even for Ex 
employees and for the current employees, but active employees only will be visible 
as they are, they cannot access DOCS portal anymore once they.
More out of the company.
Olga Chaban 12:19
So, you have cases when someone can directly directly ask you for this.
Satish Malla 12:21
Yeah, yeah, we will get the access.
They'll directly raise a request in ServiceNow for requesting this letter.
Olga Chaban 12:31
And.
Satish Malla 12:32
So where our team will generate this letter and share with them. So we should be 
having that access as an admin to generate the letters for Ex employee as well.
Olga Chaban 12:43
Mhm.
Okay, it's I think a little bit tricky because we need to check with people team, people 
platform, I mean team, if for the information for Ex employee available on People 
platform.
Satish Malla 12:58
Ohh.
Olga Chaban 13:09
on People platform and we can reuse this information from People platform because 
we plan to directly reuse information from People platform to automatically create 
such kind of letter. I mean all this field.
Most of this field will be reuse from people platform. OK, let it be on our side, yeah.
Lela Akobidze 13:33
Olga, I have raised, sorry, let me step in here with just a clarification question. So, 
such and such, for the current moment, I mean, for the assist platform, can you 
please inform if you are available and able to
No, what is the source for the data which is like filled in their letter for Ex employees? 
What is the source of information to be taken for that letter for the employees that 
are not?
Or, currently working, be emp.
Satish Malla 14:14
It is from paper only, Lela.
Lela Akobidze 14:19
So, in assist, there is a possibility to pull some data from People platform, even 
employee has left the company, right?
Satish Malla 14:24
From my text, yes.
Yes, yes, start date and date can be get from Payroll portal.
Olga Chaban 14:36
I think we need to check it with the People team.
Lela Akobidze 14:36
Yeah, but here we have...
Yeah, just I was wondering if there are any other options rather than people platform.
Satish Malla 14:46
Let me, can I share the screen for how that we plugged for exit employees?
Lela Akobidze 14:49
Uh-huh.
Olga Chaban 14:51
Sure, sure.
Lela Akobidze 14:53
Yeah, it too would be helpful.
Satish Malla 14:54
Satya, can you share share the screen and show how we do Ex employees? So, here is 
a screen where we would be.
Create one letter for Ex employee. So here we have an option to request for Ex 
employee.
Lela Akobidze 15:03
Wang.
Satish Malla 15:15
Thanks, Krystsina.
Lela Akobidze 15:20
You.
Mm.
Satish Malla 15:35
So obviously it will get the information. So once we enter the details.
purpose is like what is for customer higher education or any custom they can give 
any reason either it's for visa or anything based on the request that we get on email 
we will update the reason either it is for higher education or for the visa.
Lela Akobidze 15:57
Okay, and if it comes to the roles and the responsibilities, which is also the required 
field,
Satish Malla 16:04
They will share us an email for that, then that content we will copy here under roles 
and responsibilities.
Olga Chaban 16:14
And as soon as the letter of recommendation is created, you can share this letter of 
recommendation to the personal email of Ex employee. Is it correct? Could you 
show?
Satish Malla 16:28
Yes, yes.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 16:32
Uh-huh, okay.
But it's not the latter in attached, is that?
Satish Malla 16:44
Now, I'll show you how that goes.
Type roles and responsibility, you will get that LOR.
Olga Chaban 17:04
Mhm.
Satish Malla 17:05
So this is how it works with template attached and the email content.
Olga Chaban 17:12
Mhm.
Satish Malla 17:14
That it.
Olga Chaban 17:14
Do I have? Yeah, yeah, I saw.
Satish Malla 17:20
HU.
Olga Chaban 17:23
Um...
Satish Malla 17:23
Copy this one in mail and share in that group, Satya.
Olga Chaban 17:30
Mhm.
Satish Malla 17:30
Copy this email and share that in our group.
Hello.
Copy directly the email, not the image.
Email, email, direct copy email and upload that email and share group.
Come out.
Copy this email and place in a group.
Olga Chaban 17:56
Mhm.
Okay, thank you. Do you have any flow? I mean, when you receive the request from 
Ex employee to provide him with a letter of recommendation, do you need any 
approvals from
Lela Akobidze 18:18
Blue.
Olga Chaban 18:19
At from that, or, or...
Satish Malla 18:22
Adam.
I will approve the roles and responsibilities what they share.
Olga Chaban 18:23
Avenue.
So, RM should review this letter of recommendation and approve.
Satish Malla 18:32
Yes, we can, we can, we can see, we, you can see here, R.M. validation is needed or 
not validate with R.M.A. once we check in, automatically email goes to R.M. and get it 
verified.
Olga Chaban 18:45
Okay, I got it.
Lela Akobidze 18:57
Okay, thank you, colleagues.
Satish Malla 18:59
Yep.
Olga Chaban 18:59
Is this flow available only for Ex employee or for current employee it works in the 
same way?
Lela Akobidze 18:59
Olga, we can.
Yeah.
Satish Malla 19:08
Correct employee will also work in the same way.
Show for correct current employees at them.
Olga Chaban 19:12
Mhm.
So for current employee, you should also receive approval from RM site that all 
information mentioned in the letter is correct.
Lela Akobidze 19:23
And.
Satish Malla 19:24
Doctor Nutsa.
Recommendation letter.
Olga Chaban 19:30
Mhm.
Satish Malla 19:31
Sending.
Lela Akobidze 19:32
No, for current in place, there is no need for the approval.
Satish Malla 19:36
RM.
So, current templates automatically go for R.M.
Once we submit the request.
Olga Chaban 19:46
Oh, it's automatically sent, yeah?
Satish Malla 19:48
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 19:51
Well, we have the same approach. I mean, we have a lot of different letters here. A 
letter of recommendation required to have approved from RM. Maybe other types of 
letters also have the same functionality.
Satish Malla 19:57
Ohh.
No, only for recommendation letter will have letter of recommendation will have this 
approval chain and for visa letter we have that flow. For rest all as an admins we can 
generate or employee can generate for themselves.
Olga Chaban 20:22
So for visa are the same approach as for letter of recommendation.
Satish Malla 20:26
The processing letter and for letter of recommend letter of recommendation will 
have these two letters to be approved with respect to RM and post that it will be sent 
an email automatically to employee. Other letters as an admin we can generate and 
send automatically else employee can generate his letter by his own and they can.
Olga Chaban 20:36
Mmh.
Satish Malla 20:46
Get the document downloaded.
Olga Chaban 20:50
Directly from Assist, is that right?
Satish Malla 20:52
Yes.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 20:54
Ohh, OK. Could you please show us how looks like a proof from RAM site in the 
assist?
Satish Malla 21:02
It is auto approved. You can see action action by it will be mentioned as auto 
approved.
Olga Chaban 21:10
So if you see the status, it means that I am approved the text for letter of 
recommendation on visa.
Mhm.
Yeah, I see.
Satish Malla 21:42
Today's date will come with the same thing and what are the address that is there 
that will come here.
Olga Chaban 21:48
Got it.
OK, thank you. Thank you for this information.
It's available for us, because for us it's important to understand how it works on a SIS 
platform site. Okay, Lela, do you have any more questions here?
Satish Malla 22:07
Yeah.
Lela Akobidze 22:11
No, Olga, we can proceed.
Olga Chaban 22:13
Okay, great. Let me share the screen one time.
Okay, so let's move on. I think we can discuss right now the relocation letter. A 
relocation letter, let me find it here in the example.
Satish Malla 22:25
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 22:36
Relocation letter also looks like quite simple, but let me check if we correctly 
understand what should be present here. If I understood correctly, the relocation 
letter connected with the relocation inside India. And this is just a relocation from 
one, for example, city to another where we have office. Is it
Org, or maybe...
Satish Malla 23:00
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 23:04
Yeah, yeah.
Satish Malla 23:04
Yes, yes, yes.
Olga Chaban 23:06
In the example, I see here mentioned the full address of current office and the 
destination office, just the city. Is it correct presentation? I mean, maybe it's just an 
example.
Uh, and in the...
Satish Malla 23:27
Yes.
It's just an example where we could not show exactly, but usually for genuine cases, it 
will show the work location, to work location is to which location has been 
transferred. Either from Hyderabad to Pune, then Pune office address will come in 
detail here.
Olga Chaban 23:45
It means that format should be the same as... And both this address, could you 
please advise us where this information present in people?
Satish Malla 23:47
Yes, yes.
Book location in People portal.
Olga Chaban 24:01
Both location and people port. Okay. If we talk about current office address, I saw 
this field, but previous address, I'm not sure that if you could provide us with an 
example, we have this information present in on people portal will be perfect. Just to 
be sure that we
Uh-huh, Satya, I see.
Satish Malla 24:24
But they sent a message.
Olga Chaban 24:30
Uh-huh.
work site location and assigned location, but work site location is it current place or 
it's a previous place.
Or maybe it's just the history of a work site location. So, for example, we need to...
Satish Malla 24:49
Play best, best.
Two.
Olga Chaban 24:55
I could you please repeat, because I didn't catch what you see.
The question is, we can see this current address and new address that should be 
present in this letter.
Satish Malla 25:12
So based on, yeah, based on the request that we get, maybe it's transferring from 
Hyderabad to new location, automatically the two location new address will be 
picked. As Satya messaged here, the screenshot, it should be picked from work 
location and current location from which location he is getting transferred that we 
only update.
from our end based on our records as people portal records or information that is 
available in our records, we will keep that information. Either it is in Hyderabad or in 
another location in India, we will see from which location is getting transferred and 
we will keep that location address.
Olga Chaban 25:51
Mhm.
But is this information this information transfer through them this letter automatically 
or you provide it manually?
Satish Malla 25:54
This you can.
This is manually.
Olga Chaban 26:05
Manually, OK, OK, and the date of relocation also, maybe it's automatic.
Satish Malla 26:14
Will be a request.
Olga Chaban 26:16
In the request, thank you.
Satish Malla 26:17
It will be, it will be a request only.
Based on the request, we will keep that standard. So in relocation request, any of that 
would be mentioned clearly from which date it is active with the new location.
Olga Chaban 26:23
Mm.
Where employee or maybe employees around can request this relocation.
Satish Malla 26:37
Employee employee will raise that request.
Olga Chaban 26:41
employee erased. Okay, it's support portal, service now IBM or it's on people portal.
Satish Malla 26:47
People button.
Olga Chaban 26:49
People portal. OK, so before the new work site location will be available in employee 
profile, you should review this request and confirm. OK, as this letter created 
automatically when the request is created, or it also should be a request from 
employee.
Satish Malla 26:58
Yes.
Correct.
Correct.
Olga Chaban 27:13
It received this letter.
Satish Malla 27:16
Chaban.
Olga Chaban 27:18
Who, who initiator of this letter? I mean, employee, or maybe it's some required 
letter when employee request single.
Satish Malla 27:18
HU.
Employee initiated process.
Olga Chaban 27:32
Employee initiative process on the people platform. But if we talk about a letter of 
relocation letter, is this relocation letter require a document when employee requests 
a new address on the people platform?
Satish Malla 27:36
Correct.
Olga Chaban 27:50
portal or it's a optional flow. For example, if employee need relocation letter, he or 
she requested change in current location, current office location, and also go to the 
assist portal and request this letter of relocation.
The question is, who is the initiator for this letter?
Employee year, or maybe it's a required document.
Satish Malla 28:31
Sorry, I'm talking on mute. Actually, they both can raise either employee and are 
both can raise the request for this letter.
Olga Chaban 28:38
Okay, so the letter is optional document. Okay, okay. Thank you. And here is, we also 
have the same approach with the address in both cases. Yeah, for office.
Satish Malla 28:41
Yeah.
Yep, yep.
Olga Chaban 28:57
And other, let's quickly go through other field. Date, it's the date of letter creation. 
Name, it's a legal name of employee from People Portal, UID, it's a number of 
employee in our systems.
job title, start date, and relocation date, all this data from People Portal. But as you 
mentioned, location date, you provide manually, Aliya, is that correct?
Satish Malla 29:38
Relocation date and current address would be provided from our end.
Olga Chaban 29:46
Current address or new address?
Satish Malla 29:49
Current address, new address in here, you can see the work location is updated, no 
one on people portal that they can pick it up.
Olga Chaban 29:56
So it's auto.
Mm.
On People, okay.
All of this data will be from people and here is relocation data and current address. I 
chart team.
Mhm.
Okay, actually let me check, I think.
We have not much time. We have, we want to discuss the legal letter and experience 
letter, but maybe leave it to the next meeting. Right now I want back to 
Compensation letter. We have one general question.
Please, could you please provide us with the details how often you send this 
compensation letters to employee? I mean, it's monthly, OK. Monthly, but.
Satish Malla 31:08
Monthly.
But as it should be, it should not be a monthly as it is very strict. Based on the 
request that we get, we can we can prepare this letter and share it with the 
employee. It can be daily also.
Olga Chaban 31:27
Okay, mostly, but based.
Move.
Satish Malla 31:34
Based on the email request that we get, when there is a change in compensation, we 
will create this letter and issue it to the employee.
Olga Chaban 31:34
Yeah.
Mmh.
Okay, so if you receive the notifications that employee received some compensation, 
yeah, in general, you should prepare the letter and share it with employees through 
the assist platform. Do you have annual compensation campaign?
Satish Malla 31:50
Yeah.
Olga Chaban 32:01
Do you take part in? OK, and...
Satish Malla 32:01
Yes.
Winter campaign and then campaign, yeah.
Olga Chaban 32:06
So it means that this letter sent monthly based on the request, I mean, based on the 
information that you receive from Compensation Portal and annual campaign as we 
have in all locations in Nepal. If we talk about annual campaign, when this annual 
campaign will be start for India?
Satish Malla 32:24
Correct.
Usually, in the month of December, we will kick start the process. November or 
December, we will kick start the process. Basically, in the month of February and 
March, we would be doing this annual campaign. April, we generally release the 
letters. They say March, we release the letters.
Olga Chaban 32:51
So it means that in this year, the annual campaign already finalized here.
Satish Malla 32:54
Very late.
Yes, yes, released. Letters got released from assist on March 26th.
Olga Chaban 33:06
Okay. So it means that currently you use only option of monthly sending the 
compensation letter according to the information that you received from 
Compensation Portal to some employee.
Satish Malla 33:22
Yes.
Olga Chaban 33:27
Okay, okay, thank you. Thank you for this information. Okay, so we also have several 
information regarding the letters that you shared with us additional. Do you have 
time to stay on the meet and contribute quickly, or maybe we need to reschedule 
this call?
and discuss it next time.
What do you think?
Satish Malla 33:51
We can schedule for next time, maybe.
Thursday, I have some free time. Thursday, we can schedule and connect on this 
again.
Olga Chaban 34:02
Okay, give me a second. Let me check the schedule.
Oh.
Satish Malla 34:10
How many letters still left out for you to clarify?
Olga Chaban 34:17
Could you please repeat?
Satish Malla 34:19
How many more you require a clarification? How much time you might need it? 
Another 30 minutes.
Olga Chaban 34:25
I will. I think one hour will be enough. We need to discuss Compensation Letters that 
you share it with us additionally with.
Satish Malla 34:37
Okay, for Compensation Letters, yeah, we required a good amount of time where we 
both can get on to the things and explain clearly. Let's do one thing. Let's make 9th 
April evening, 5 to 5, so 5 to 6.
Or India, what I mean?
Olga Chaban 34:58
Mmh.
Let me work my check.
Mm.
The.
Okay, could you please advise one more time the time slot that you mentioned?
Satish Malla 35:20
9th April evening.
5 PM to 6 PM.
Olga Chaban 35:27
Okay, for me it will be 3pm. Okay, let me check.
Mhm.
Uh, I see, uh, I sent, uh, that week of this meeting. Could you please check is it correct 
time slot for you?
Satish Malla 36:04
Yeah, got it.
Olga Chaban 36:06
Okay, okay, great. What we plan to do, we plan to review one more time, not one 
more time, but to review additional examples of Compensation Letters that you 
shared previously. And also, we want to ask you to provide us with information
how works relieving letter and experience letter with assist platform currently. I mean, 
the flow, how this letter is created, who approves these letters and how these letters 
share it with the Ex employee.
If we need to share, it's just less with XMP, maybe here is involved some other, for 
example, resource manager, et cetera.
Satish Malla 36:58
Yep.
Olga Chaban 37:00
Okay, thank you very much for joining this meeting one more time. If you will have 
any additional questions or suggestions, please use the chat.
Satish Malla 37:05
You.
Olga Chaban 37:14
and see you next time. Yeah.
Satish Malla 37:16
So just want to just want to inform you, Olga, maybe for next call, for Thursday's call, 
we just shared this Excel and the letters type of templates we are already making use 
of like 4 template different letters we already shared with examples of the values as 
well. If you can see it, the Excel word, how we prepared is like for one letter, one Excel 
we prepared and so that you will be able to understand.
Olga Chaban 37:34
Yeah.
Satish Malla 37:40
the letter name and type of bonuses that can be part of that letter. So you can just 
go through those four letters once and you can also make your questions ready so 
that we can discuss in brief what can be included and what should not be included 
for Compensation Letters and we have we can have.
Olga Chaban 37:45
Yeah.
Satish Malla 37:59
In detailed discussion on this letter types.
Olga Chaban 38:03
Yeah, yeah, this approach works for me, I think, for us and Diana Lela.
Satish Malla 38:09
Yep, yep.
Olga Chaban 38:12
will be the same. Okay, thank you very much. See you next time. Thank you one more 
time. Have a good day.
Satish Malla 38:16
Thank you.
Lela Akobidze 38:19
Thank you, colleagues.
Diana Nikoghosyan 38:21
Thank you.
Satish Malla 38:21
Bye-bye.
Satya Danam 38:22
All right, thank you. Bye.
Olga Chaban 38:22
Bye, bye.
Olga Chaban stopped transcription